i'm not sure what to do with that.
no, it's a.deb file
you can use the live cd to install the packages
i'm not sure what that means
you can create a partition for ubuntu, and then install vista on it.
i'm not sure what to do
i was using ssh. i logged in as his own user instead.
you can resize the vista partition, but you will have to defrag the windows partition first
i'm not sure how to do that.
i think you can add them with the `` identify_and_join.py '' command
i'm not sure what you mean by joy
what's 192.168.2.5 on? eth0, eth1,?
ok. so you have the lucid plymouth.deb in your FILEPATH directory?
ok, now run : sudo aptitude purge flashplugin-nonfree
i have tried that, but it does not work
i'm not sure, i'm afraid i don't know much about it.
i'm not sure what to do now
i 'll upload it to you in a bit
i know, but i want to install programs
i think you can install server edition..but i don't know..i just use server..i use it for my work
i'm not sure what that means
i'm not sure, i've never used it
did you enable the restricted drivers?
i would of thought that firefox would be installed in some linux folder, but i don't know.
i 'll do that, but i'm not sure how to do it in a loop
i'm not sure, i'm using the kernel from the debian repos
please don't flood, use URL to paste, do nt use enter as punctuation.
you can remove the ubuntu and the ubuntu recovery modes
you can burn it to a cd, but you need to burn it on a cd
you're using kubuntu 9.10? kaffeine is a kde app.
you can use nautilus to browse the files in your home directory
you can use screen to keep the program running
i'm not sure if it's a bug or not
i'm not sure, i've never used it.
you can use the command line to add ips
i'm not sure, i'm just curious.
i'm not sure what you mean by `` what you asked for ''.
i'm not sure what's wrong then.. i can FILEPATH from ubuntu to windows and vice-versa without any special configuration or setup steps
ok, i 'll give it a try.
you can use sshfs to share files between the two
i'm not mixing three different things here.
i'm not sure what to look for in synaptic. i'm using the i915 driver from the restricted drivers manager.
i'm not sure, i'm using the default.pa file
i'm not sure. i'm using xubuntu.
i want to install python packages manually
i don't know, i'm not familiar with bum
you can try booting xp from the windows install disk
i'm trying to install a program that will run on a usb stick.
i'm going to be using x, and i'm looking specifically for the nvidia beta drivers, and beryl
i'm willing to backup my data, but i'm not sure how to do it
i'm not sure, i've never used it
you can use'mount'to check if it's mounted
you can get the game from steam if you want
you should have a root partition, not a root
i would like to know how to do it in windows
you can use a livecd to recover your data
i'm in the prompt. i'm not sure what to do.
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that it will work
i'm not sure what you mean.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure you can disable aslr in FILEPATH
i 'll try that. thanks for the help.
ok,,, i 'll send it to you
ok. close it and in a terminal, do : sudo apt-get update
you need to enable the universe repository
i've had the same settings for 7 years. always good to backup your FILEPATH folders.
i'm not a prick. i'm just trying to help.
i think it was about 15 minutes before it stopped
i have a 50s cpu and i have a 30s cpu
for upgrading, see the instructions at URL - see also URL
what are you trying to do exactly?
i'm just saying that evolution is better for my needs
i'm running gnome-session-manager, but it's not running gnomes-session.
i'm not sure if he is talking about resizing the partition
you can try removing the thunderbird package and reinstalling it
if you are using a vlan then you can set the ip and netmask of that vlan
i'm not familiar with gconf-editor. i have legacy, and another with an ati
you can see the desktop, but not the server
please don't flood, use URL to paste, do nt use enter as punctuation.
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that it's not a bug
you can right-click the panel and unkey the lock applet
i think there is a gdm problem but i can not reolve it
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there's a way to measure typing speed online
i think you can use tab completion to complete the name of the drive
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's possible
you can use the command to copy files to c : temp
you can upgrade with the alternate cd, but you 'll still have to downloaded so it won't save much bandwidth
you can use the grub2 command to set up a bootable usb drive
i think the liveusbefi is the best option
i'm not sure what you mean by reload
i'm not sure how to do that
for FILEPATH video cards, see URL
i 'd recommend a live cd, but i don't know how to do it
i'm not sure what you mean by quirky configuration
i'm not sure what you mean by `` break ''
ubuntu is better than bsd, bsd is not better, ask here and we will say ubuntu is better
you don't need anti virus, just a virus
i use konversation, but i prefer irssi
i 'd use vnc on a server, but i'm not sure how much ram you have
i'm not sure what the problem is.
i'm not sure, but i've never used it.
i dont know, im not sure
i'm not sure what you mean by `` zoom out ''
you can use the command line to start up a gui
i'm not sure, but i 'd suspect that intel is the culprit.
you can try changing your paging server to cs101.msg.mud.yahoo.com and see if that helps.
you want to install it in the unallocated space?
i'm not sure what you mean by `` fde hi ''
you don't have gmake installed?
i'm not sure, i've never used cli
please don't flood, use URL to paste, do nt use enter as punctuation.
ok. you 'll need to add the repositories to your sources.list
i'm going to try kde4.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure i can find it in the manpage
please don't flood, use URL to paste, do n use enter as punctuation.
i'm not sure if it's a bug, but i'm sure it 'll be fixed in the next release
i'm not sure what you mean by ident client
you can remove ubuntu-desktop, but it's not a meta package.
i don't know, i've never used kde.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a way to install it
i wouldnt suggest it, but you can start a seperate x session
you can try to remove them from the ppa
i'm not sure what you mean by `` live without ubuntu ''
i'm not sure what you mean by `` network ''
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it 'll be a while.
you can use ntfs-config to configure it
i'm not sure what you're talking about.
you can also install the minimal cd
i'm not sure what you mean by `` install ''
i'm not sure what you mean by server install
i'm not sure, i'm just a bit of a noob
i think it will be around 1gb.
i'm not sure what you mean by `` who ''
i have a toshiba satellite m45, im going to put debian on it instead
i'm using the rt2500 driver for windows 2000
it's a shell that you run as root
i'm not sure if you can get the cd from shipit
i'm not sure what to do with it
i think bogofilter is a good one
please don't flood, use URL to paste, do nt use enter as punctuation.
i'm not sure if you can help me in private
you can also try.trash if you want
bazhang : i'm not sure what he's talking about.
you can also use apt-cache search to search for packages with 'nvidia'in them
i am trying with x11vnc but it does not work right
you can not turn it off. you can only clear all the rules it has using sudo iptables -f
you can use gedit to edit the file
you can also use the `` check cd '' command to check the integrity of the boot options
i'm not sure, but i'm guessing you installed hoary and breezy
no, i'm not sure.
i'm not sure, i've never used it
i'm not sure what you mean by `` not supported ''
you can set the password for the user you want to login to
you can try booting windows and then installing grub into the mbr of the partition you want to boot from
i use my sidekick 3 to access my computer via terminal ( a program u download and buy )
i want to see what programs are listening on what ports
i'm not sure, i'm just using xchat not sure about chat zilla
i don't know what to tell you
you can upgrade to precise from 11.10
i'm not sure why we have to use sudo while we have powerful su
i think he is talking about the ssh option
you can try to remove it by running : sudo apt-get remove -- purge nvidia-glx-new
i'm not sure if it's a bug, but i'm sure it 'll be reported
you can find it in the system - administration - hardware drivers
you can install it with wine, but i don't know how
i copied the backup xorg.conf to a backup.
i'm not sure about that. it shoudl say in the man page
i'm not sure if madwifi will work with atheros out of the box.
i'm not sure what you mean by `` cause problems ''
ok, so you have a server.xml in FILEPATH
i'm trying to connect to work machines from home
it's a file, not a file.
i'm not sure, i've never seen that before
i dont know, i dont use windows, so i dont know
i'm not sure, i've never used it
i like xchat, youre using now. there are other programs but i really think this is best
i get : fatal io error 104 ( connection reseted by peer ) on xserver.
i'm not sure, i've never seen that
i'm pretty sure it is, but i'm not sure how to make it work
i'm not sure, i've never used it
i'm not sure if it's a bug, but i 'll have a look on it
i dont know what the problem is, i just want my script to work and as far as i ( and everyone thats looked at it ) can tell theres nothing wrong?
i'm not sure, i'm just a bot
you can install any window manager you want
aptitude is gone, but you can search with apt-cache search ( stuff ) or just choose to install aptitude if you want
i've had no problems with linux for years.
you need to install pam keyring.
i'm not sure, i've never used compiz fusion
you can use the ppa for the pkg
what is the printer name? the name of the printer?
i'm not sure, but i've heard that there are some issues with the ooo server, but not sure if they're related
i'm going to try envyng. thanks for the help.
sudo invoke-rc.d alsa force-unload sudo rm -f FILEPATH sudo modprobe snd-emu10k1 sudo modperbe sbbt87x
it installs the same packages as envyng
i have a bootable iso, but i want to make a boot-able iso
i don't know, i'm not sure what you mean by switching
you can use wireshark to do that
i don't use -latest, i use -current
i'm trying to recover data from my lost partitions. i can't mount my vista partition : URL
i'm not sure what you mean by `` mount as FILEPATH
i'm not sure, i've never done it
i'm not sure, but i 'd say it's a good choice
i'm not sure what the release date is
i'm not sure what you mean by emotional support
run : top what is the highest use of cpu?
i don't think so, i have no stocks
you can copy the contents of a folder to a folder in your home directory
i'm not sure what you mean by `` don't need configuration ''
you can use `` sudo FILEPATH restart '' to make it take effect.
please don't flood, use URL to paste, do n use enter as punctuation.
i'm not sure, but i've heard that cinerella is a good video editor.
you're not supposed to install it.
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to get it to work
i'm not sure what to do now.
i'm trying to run a program that runs on my system
you can also use the ubuntu-offtopic channel to discuss this.
i'm not sure what to do with it
i've set up a firewall on the router.
you can use the tab key for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
you can also use the command line to modify the config
i have a few wired connections, but i dont know what to do
i've been using ubuntu for about a year now, and i've never had any problems with it
because i'm not a developer, and i 'd like to run a bot that chroots it's self
i'm not sure what to tell you. i'm using a wired connection and it works fine
you can change the user name in evolution
i have the sun java 6.0.1-jdk installed
i doubt, that the spinning cube would work without compiz. compiz is a renderer
i tried that but it doesn't work
what is the manufacturer an model of the computer FILEPATH motherboard?
i don't know, i'm not sure
i have tried google but i cant find anything
i'm not sure what you mean by `` web group ''
i'm not sure what to do
i'm not sure what you mean by laggy
what happens when you try to enable them using gnome-appearance-properties?
i'm not sure, but i've used pidgin for a while, and i'm sure it's similar
what video card do you have?
i'm not sure what you mean by `` change the resolutions and driver ''
ok, then you need to find out what kind of card it is
i have a.FILEPATH file in my home directory
you need to change the password of the user you are trying to login to
i'm not sure, but i think it's possible to install envyng on a new card
ok, so you have a splashy splashy installed
ok, so you have direct rendering working on your video card?
i'm not sure, i'm using gnu
i think you can get it from the backports repository
ok, so you have a good cd
you can also use the command `` rm '' to find out what runlevel it is
i'm not sure what you mean by `` latest version ''
ls -r grep tsclient will work i think
i don't know, i'm not a font expert
i'm not sure, but i've heard that it's better to use wine than windows
i'm not sure, i've never used it
i dont know if the open driver is supported by ubuntu
ok, we need to set your system clock
i'm not sure if the two problems are related. i too much about grub
you can download the.deb from opera's site
try running `` sudo apt-get install wine ''
i'm not sure. i'm pretty sure it didn't work.
ok, so you have the sun java package installed
i'm not sure, i'm just curious
i would try sudo apt-get install b43-fwcutter
i'm not sure, but i've never seen that before
you can use aptitude to install it
i dont know, i dont use ff2.0
i'm not sure how to do that
i'm not sure what you mean by `` what letters ''
i'm not sure. i'm using a lower value.
ok, so you copied it to a directory where you have write permissions?
please don't flood, use URL to paste, do nt use enter as punctuation.
i am not sure, i am not a nvidia user
you can install it with apt-get install audacious
i'm not sure, i've never seen that before
i tried to install it, but it still does not work
it's a dist-upgrade, not a dist upgrade.
what graphics card do you have?
i'm not sure how to do that
i'm now from windows, helped only to boot from recovery disk.and repair windosbu the same as was.. appears first windows bootmanager than ubuntu if i select ubuntu
i'm not sure what happened, but i'm sure it was a bug
i'm not sure what you mean by for loop
i don't know, i'm not sure.
i was trying to get someone to help me with my problem
you can run windows apps under wine
ok, so you have mythtv-frontend installed, and you have backend installed?
thanks, i 'll look into that.
if you have only formatted it, and done nothing else, try to use the 'e2fsck'option with the number of a secondary superblock.
i'm not sure what the ppa is
i'm not sure what that means.
i'm not sure, i've never used wine
you can use the 64bit version if you want
i'm not sure what you mean by cheese
what kind of video card do you have?
you can use the printer manager in system - administration - printing
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it 'll be done soon
i'm not sure what you mean by beryl
you can use gaim to connect to yahoo messenger
wireless documentation can be found at URL
i think there are docs for those too
i'm not sure. i'm using a livecd.
you can run.profile if you want
i 'll try that, thanks
i ran it as an admin : `` gksudo partitionmanager ''
you can also use the color chart to find out what is the color of the file
i'm not sure what you mean by `` fix ''
you can use the command line to install a lamp server
i'm not sure what you mean by `` update-rc.d ''
i don't know, i've never used it
you can try to remove it with apt-get remove pulseaudio
i think you can mount it with ntfs-3g
i'm not sure. i've never used it.
what is the output of : lsb_release -sc
you can use virtualbox to access a real hard drive.
i'm not sure what you mean by `` xorg ''
i'm not sure what you mean by obsolete
i have no idea what that means
ok, so you have a file called `` FILEPATH
i'm not sure. i've never used amiga.
you need to edit your apache2.conf file
i'm not in the mir team, but i 'll be in the team
i'm not sure what you mean
you can use qtparted to configure the partitions
you can use the package manager to install the.deb files
i had to do a few tweaks to get the card to work.
i'm not sure what you mean by fuse-fs
i'm not sure if it's possible to encrypt the whole partition
i 'll try that, thanks.
i think you need to be running it in the first place
you can try to use a live cd to fix it
i'm not sure what to do. i'm using 12.04 and i have no problems with the onboard graphics.
i use bash, but i don't use it
i don't know what you mean by `` doitprivate paddy ''
i don't know. i'm not sure.
i'm not sure, i've never used wayland
i'm not sure how to do it
i'm not sure, i've never used it
i have not tried vnc but i would try logmein
i'm not sure what you mean by pastebin
i'm not sure, but i 'd file a bug.
i'm not sure what you mean by hardware problems
i'm not sure, but i think it's a good idea to have a swap partition for your system
you can use vlc for video, but i don't know how to do that
you can use gxine to play dvd's.
i'm maintaining a bunch of computers over ssh
i'm not sure what to do
you can add the password manually in FILEPATH
i'm not sure what you mean by `` dpkg-reconfigure ''
compiz ( compositing window manager ) and xgl ( x server architecture layered on top of opengl ) - howto at URL - help in compiz-fusion
i'm using unity from terminal, and unity isn't stable yet
can you give a pastebin of : lsb_release -a ; uname -a
i'm not sure, but i 'd try the other one.
i'm not saying it is not realistic. i'm saying it's not a realistic time. it is different as if it were installed as the host.
you can use the command line to edit the xorg.conf file
you can also check the ram in the case
i'm not sure, i'm using the recovery cd
i'm not sure what you mean by `` mv ''
i have not tried it yet. i am not sure if it will work
i'm trying to find a way to list all directories in a directory.
i'm not sure what you mean by `` failed ''
i'm trying to find the guide
i'm not sure, i'm using the same machine, and it works fine
i have a problem with my laptop
you could try renaming it ( not sure it 'd help ). edit FILEPATH and add : wlan0 mac xx : xx : x : xx: xx :
you can use it for hosting, but you need to set the horizontal size to 4
i have tried that, but it doesn't work
i don't know, i'm not a kde user
you need to have FILEPATH on the system
i've read it, but it doesn't help me.
you can install it from the repositories
please don't flood, use URL to paste, do nt use enter as punctuation.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's possible
you can also use apt-get to install kde apps
ok, so you have a broadcom chipset
what command are you using to start conky pls?
you can set up a proxy for both clients
i'm not sure what to do with the livecd
you're not going to get help if you don't know how to use regex
yes. you can use the package manager tools to remove the cd rom repo listing.
i dont know what you are trying to backup
please don't flood, use URL to paste, do nt use enter as punctuation.
please don't flood, use URL to paste, do nt use enter as punctuation.
i've tried the live cd, and it doesn't work
you can also use the makefile to generate a.deb file
i'm not sure, but i've heard that the shipping costs are negligible
you can use gtk to manage the window decorations
because it's not supported by the ubuntu repositories
i am not sure, i am not using apt-get
i'm not sure, i'm just a bit of a noob
you can use unetbootin to copy the cd's to a usb drive.
i'm not sure, but i 'd imagine it would.
i'm not sure, i'm just curious
i'm not sure, but i 'd say you can use more than 4gb of ram
you can use disk utility to do that
i think he is newbie in linux
you can also use the network manager to see if you have a wireless card
i'm not sure how to change it
you can use inotify to monitor file permissions
i am not sure, i have never used ubuntu.
you can install both at the same time
ok so now what? EMOJI
i think the number of pixels is about 140kb
i'm not sure. i'm using a vpn.
i'm not sure what you mean by `` start mplayer ''
i'm not sure, i've never used it
i'm not sure, i've never used terminal
i'm not sure, i've never used totem
you can use the command `` sudo ifconfig eth0 up ''
i'm not sure what you mean by `` asked to ask a question ''
i'm using alsa, but i'm not sure how to get rid of pulseaudio
i'm not sure what the problem is, but i'm using gnome and it's working fine
i'm not sure if it's still in the repos though, but i'm sure it 'll be in the archive
i'm not sure if it's a good idea to install vanilla 2.6.13 kernels on a laptop
i'm not sure, but i've heard that vmware can run on 64 bit systems
you need to unmount the partition first
i'm not sure what you mean by `` wipe ''
i think it means that the firmware for that device is not loaded, but the firmware is loaded
i don't know, i've never used it
i dont see what doesn't make sense
i have a router that is connected to the internet, but i have no idea how to check
i'm not sure. i'm using a modem that has a nat.
it's not that bad, but it's a bit more complex
i'm not sure, but i'm sure you can find a good explanation of all that in shell
i think, placed linux on windows filesystem is stupid
wine is a compatibility layer for running windows programs on FILEPATH see URL for more information.
i don't propose to offer open display server holes
you can use the wired connection to transfer files
you can run games in vmware, but you need to install the vmware-server package
i installed it, logged in once, but did not talk to anyone
i got a couple of w : and e :'s with apt-get update trying the multiverse package lists
you can use the remote desktop applet to access the login screen
you can use gparted to shrink the windows partition
i know what to enter to google driveready errors when no media is inserted
i 'll try that. thanks for the help
i'm gon na be like `` h4x t3h pl4n3t!!! 1 '' when it's released.
i'm not sure, but i've heard that agp cards are supported
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's dead
i'm not sure, i've never used it
you need to chmod the device, to give your user permission to use it.
i'm not sure what he meant by `` tweaking ''
i'm not sure if it depends on 2.0 or not.
i'm sure there is a thread in tips and tricks
i have tried both and both but neither works
i installed both java5 and java6 and it is not liking it. i also reinstalled frostwire, but it didn't help any
i'm not sure what you mean by `` on ''
i'm not sure what you mean by `` over the network ''
you can use the file manager to access ntfs partitions
what do u mean by `` connect to the phone ''?
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there's a way to do it
you can install vista and ubuntu on the same hard disk
i'm not sure if it's a bug, but i'm sure there's an answer
i'm not sure, i'm just a bot
you can use dpkg, then apt to resolve the dependencies, but you should be very careful.
i'm not a fan of ms, but i'm sure there are some good reasons for it
i'm in philipene, but i'm not in philipsene
i'm not sure. i'm sure there are some other options.
you can use the livecd to resize the windows partition
you can encrypt your home folder but you can't log in properly
i'm not sure what to tell you
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's possible
i'm using xfce4, but i'm not sure how to change the default
i didn't install network manager. i installed network manager, but i don't have internet connectivity.
it has nothing to do with graphics card or ubuntu
you can upgrade to 2.24 if you want
alright nm. i will figure out another way round. going to have to backup 30gb over my lan!. :
i'm not sure what that means. i'm trying to make a backup of my xorg.conf
i think you need to run the command again
i don't know enough about cups to help there, sorry have you asked in ubuntu or linux?
you can try the alternate cd, but i dont know how to do it
i'm not sure, but i've heard that there are some apps that run in wine that run on linux
you can run it as root, but you will need to run it with sudo
i'm not sure, but i've never used tomcat, so i'm no expert.
i'm not sure what you mean.
i'm not sure what you mean.
i'm not debating that, i'm just trying to help
you can also try to install kde-desktop
you can boot windows and mount the root fs
i'm not sure how to do that
i dont know what changed, but i think it is a bug in the kernel
i'm not sure what to do
i'm not sure, i'm using the same kernel as you, but it's not the same as the one in the repository
i'm not sure, but i've never had a problem with ext3
aptitude can do that, but i don't know if it can do what you ask, but that's where i would start
i have no idea. i'm not sure.
you can share cpu resources with other machines in the network
i'm not sure. i'm pretty sure it will
i have one with pcopy and pcopy
i'm using ktorrent under gnome. im not in kde
i think you need to change the power saving setting in the sound settings.
you can set the block size to 0
you can also use synaptic to search for java
i have no idea what you mean by unique number
i'm not sure if vbox is supported by the kernel, but i 'd guess it is
you can also use : cp -r FILEPATH home.gnome
i'm not sure what you mean by `` what's the command to do that? ''
i'm not sure what you mean by `` upgrade ''
i think you can get a free copy of the game from the ubuntu forums
i'm not sure, i've never had this happen to me
i'm not sure what you mean by `` men ''
then you can use sudo to set the permissions
i dont know how to do that, i just installed compiz-fusion and it didnt work
what card do you have?
i'm not sure, i'm using apt-get
i'm not sure what to tell you
i'm not sure, but i've never tried it
i have a 4gb partition, but i want to use the left over space for a swap partition
i'm not sure, i've never had any problems with it
i'm not sure what you mean by `` pop in and out all day ''
i'm not sure if it's a bug, but it 'll be fixed in the next upload
i'm not sure, but you can use tab completion to autocomplete
you can use sudo to fix the root shell
i'm not sure what you mean by `` silly animal names ''
i'm using empathy and it's giving me network error
you can resize partitions, but you 'll need to use gparted to resize the partition
i'm not sure, but i 'd guess you 'd have to install the ati driver first
i'm not sure what you mean by `` `` ``
you can install transmission-gtk from the repositories, but you 'll need to install the package version you have there
you can install the mplayer package from medibuntu
sudo apt-get update sudo apt-key adv -- recv-key -- keyserver keyserver.ubuntu.com
you can also use the applet command to find out what is running
i am using utf-8 in germany, but i am using gnome-terminal
i 'll try that, thanks
i'm not sure how to do that. i'm guessing i want to be out of x and at a regular command line before i try that?
i am going to try that. thanks.
i don't know, i do nt know what package-dev is
i'm using the rt2570 chipset.
i'm not sure, i've never had to manually kill pulseaudio processes
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's possible
you can also change the sources.list to reflect the new version of ubuntu
you can use ctrl-alt-f1 to get to a terminal
you can mount it in FILEPATH or FILEPATH
you need to enable the internet connection
i'm not sure what you mean by `` all fingers has the power ''
i'm not playing with the bot, i'm just trying to help
i'm not sure, i've never used it
i use opera, but i don't use it
you can try'sudo FILEPATH start'to get kdm back
you can use unetbootin to create a bootable usb from windows
try sudo apt-get install libsqlite3-tcl without the characters
i'm not sure what you mean by `` cut ''
you can use the command `` sudo apt-get install apache2 ''
you can use 64bit apps on your 64bit processor
please investigate with me only in FILEPATH or in ubuntu-bots ( type also FILEPATH ubottu bot ). don't use commands in the public channels if you do n''t know if they really exist.
i don't know, i'm not sure how to do it
you can use ext3 instead of ext4
you can set up lilo as default, but you 'll need to do a manual config.
please don't flood, use URL to paste, do nt use enter as punctuation.
i'm not sure what you mean by `` edit ''
i'm not sure. i'm using the unstable package.
ok i 'll try that.. thanks
you can use iwconfig to configure the network
i'm not sure, but i'm sure you can install opera from the opera site
i have the same card and i have the exact same card
i'm not sure, but i'm pretty sure it's the same type
you're using a proxy server?
i'm not sure what you mean
i'm not sure, i'm on 10.04
ok, so you're on the console of the bx?
you're running the indicator applet?
you can try to do a sudo apt-get update then sudo aptitude upgrade from the terminal
i don't see any keymap for the log in screen
i'm not sure if totem can do dvd playback, but i 'd try it
i'm not sure what you mean by rollback.
i'm not sure what you mean by `` transfer ''
i'm not sure, but i've never had a problem with the cd
i'm not sure what you mean by lamp install
ok, so you have a black screen, then you have to run the command again
i think its there.. multimedia audio controller, product : es1371 ( audiopci-97 )
please don't flood ; use URL to paste ; do nt use enter as punctuation.
i dont know what to tell u
did you install the latest from winehq?
i would like to know how much space you have on your disk
because it's not a good idea to have it
you're running xchat as root, right?
you can use the command line to find out what version of ubuntu you have
i am not sure, but i think avidemux is in the repos
you can use gparted to resize the ntfs partition
you can use a usb drive to write to ntfs
you can try ctrlaltbackspace to get a console login
i'm not sure if it's possible to use a joystick in linux
ext3 is the default filesystem on ubuntu. for more information and troubleshooting on ext3 please refer to URL
i'm trying to install the package `` libc6-dev ''
you're trying to change the realtime for proc?
i'm not sure what that is.. but i'm sure there are some other things that could be causing it
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's not a problem with the current version
you can do that, but i dont know how.
because anything that gets executed by you can affect the whole system
i dont know, i dont use gnome
i'm not sure, i'm on feisty
you can use the apple computer to help people
you can try to install it from the repos
i'm not sure what you mean by `` failed ''.
you can also use the `` sudo chmod -r home '' command to change the permissions of the directory
you can ask in crackers, but i don't know how to help you
i'm not sure, i'm using mkinitcpio and it's just -g path
i'm not saying that, i'm saying that the maintainers of that arch don't support it
i'm not sure what you mean. i'm using a laptop with an xorg.conf.
i'm in the directory where i downloaded the driver.
ok - so you have a line like this : FILEPATH
i'm not sure if it's possible to do that with the kernel, but i'm sure it 'll work
you can install them with apt-get or synaptic.
you can use the command `` sudo dpkg-reconfigure xserver-xorg '' to change the resolution
for upgrading, see the instructions at URL - see also URL
you can try to ping the router from the internet
i'm not sure, i've never used ooo
you can also right click on the notification area and select add to panel
i'm pretty sure no means no when it comes to women
you could try using a live cd, but i'm not sure how that would work
i'm not sure what you mean by `` better ''.
i've had issues with conky on my dell laptop
i'm not sure what he meant.
i'm not sure, i'm using it right now.
i didn't get an error, i just rebooted when i was messing with it.
you can use the tools to flash the bios.
i think it's the same, but i'm not sure
i dont know. i dont use gdm.
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to find out what the file is
you can also use the command line to install the apps
no, i'm not sure what conky is
i'm not sure how to do that
i 'll try that. thanks for the help
i am using my router as dns-server
i'm not sure what you mean by log
you can make as many as you want, but i wouldn't recommend that
i'm using qt on a laptop, and it's not that bad
i would use the 32bit version.
you need to enable universe and multiverse
you can ping the localhost, but you need to configure the firewall
i'm not sure what you mean by `` the plugins ''
i have two monitors, one with a 17 '' and one with an 80 ''
i'm a star, i'm just a lowly bot EMOJI
i'm not sure what you mean by `` all in one ''
i don't know about ati radeon ones, but i'm afraid of failure
you need to run the command with the proper parameters
you can also use the alternate cd to burn the iso
i know that, but i don't know how to do that
i'm not sure, i'm on a dell ich7
then `` sudo apt-get install flashplugin-nonfree ''
you are not talking about a cmd.exe. you are talking about the command prompt.
you can boot from the livecd, and select the grub loader
i'm using even older, 1997 gateway, running breezy with no problems
it's in the init script, so you can run it from there
you're not asking about windows product keys
i think you have to reboot then
i'm not sure what you mean.
i think you have to edit the boot options
you can use the package manager to install flash
i like gnome but i like fluxbox
ok, so you're not using the pastebin
i dont know, i dont use ext2.
i'm not sure what you mean by `` for human ''
i'm not sure, i'm using the radeon driver
i am running a defrag, how fked would i be?
i'm not sure what you mean by `` recieve ''
i think you can do it with the distro from the repos
i 'll do it in a bit
you can try to run `` sudo dpkg-reconfigure xserver-xorg ''
i'm not sure if i can do that.. i'm afraid i 'll have to go back to the forums
i don't know what that means
i have the same piece of equipment and it works fine
what is the output of `` cat FILEPATH
ok, so you are trying to install the nvidia driver?
i'm not sure, i'm sure someone else has
i'm not giving up. i'm just saying that they're not all that different.
you can install the xorg package, but you will need to install the restricted driver
i'm just waiting until i'm sure that i've caught everything else
i think you need to use gparted live cd to resize the ntfs partition
you can use network manager to configure the connection
i'm not sure.. i've tried it with a live cd and it worked fine..
please don't flood, use URL to paste, do nt use enter as punctuation.
i think you can do it with the live cd
i've had the same problem with kubuntu-desktop and ubuntu-desktop.
i have a panel that is 24 pixels
i'm not sure. i'm sure there is some setting in vnc
try : env wineprefix= '' FILEPATH wine `` c : program filescounter strike sourcecounter-strike source.exe ''
i don't know, i do nt think it's a problem with fstab
i'm not sure what you mean by shared folder
i don't know, i do n ; t know what you're talking about
i'm not sure what you mean
i don't know, i do nt know.
i am talking of speed up networking for people using internet connections that do not support any form of ipv6
you can press ctrlaltf1 to get to a terminal
i have to put a file before, as well
you can try to use the terminal to run the command
i am not sure i would be able to help you with that
i'm not sure, i've never used samba
please don't shout! we can read lowercase too.
i'm not sure, but i've never used nano
i'm not sure, i'm using hoary
i'm not sure, but i 'd try booting from a livecd and see if it works
i'm not sure what you mean by open source.
because you don't have the time to learn how to use 64bit apps.
you need to add the line `` php.ini '' to the end of the file
i have a wpa54g ver3 -- is that what you have?
i'm not sure, i'm using the default install cd
you can use the gnash plugin to fix it
i'm not sure, i've never used it
i'm not sure, i'm just a bot EMOJI
i'm not sure what you mean by `` install ''
jordan_u : i'm going to try something, seems it's hardware problem related to the sound output
i'm not sure, i've never used it
you're not getting the `` smart '' upgrade?
i tried unetbootin, but it didn't create any bootable sticks.
i am not sure, i have never used kopete
i'm not sure, i've never used automatix
ubuntu is the ubuntu support channel, ubuntu1 supports the development version of ubuntu and ubuntu-offtopic is for random chatter. welcome!
i'm not sure. i'm on a livecd right now.
i'm not sure, i've never used envy
i'm not sure, i've never used kubuntu
i don't know. i'm not sure.
i don't know, i've never used it.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's possible
i'm not sure what you mean by `` support ''
i'm not sure what you mean by `` start at boot ''
i'm doing it by hand, but i'm not sure how to do it by the hand
can you boot from any cd at all?
i don't know. i do nt know.
you need to enter the depth you are using
did you try another sata cable?
you need to add the account to the mint group
i'm not sure, i'm using the alternate install cd
i'm not sure if it exists anymore
you can mount regular iso images with mount
i'm not sure, i've never used fat32
i'm not sure, i'm just guessing.
i'm not sure, i've never tried it
i'm not sure how to hide messages
you can add this line to their.bashrc : export ps1='[ 033 [ 01 ; 31m ] w [ 032 ] '
for information on setting up encrypted private directories ( 8.10 ) see URL
i have a 72gb ubu partition.
you can make a script that runs the command
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that the last security updates are in the archive
i think you can use -i to get a root shell
you can use a cd to cd to the directory
i'm not sure, i've never used it
i'm not sure, i've never used tvtime
thanks i 'll check it out.
i'm not sure what you mean by `` all the time ''
i'm not sure, but i've used it for years
i have a question. in what way can i know the command of a package
i 'd try to find out what's going on
you need to install the latest version of thunderbird.
okay, i 'll give it a try
you can use apt-get to install things you want to install
i'm not sure what you mean by `` installed ''
ok, so what was the exact name of that partition?
you can add the opera repo to your sources.list
i 'll try to remove them from the grub menu
i am not sure, but i am sure you can find it in the `` system monitor ''
try 'xset dpms force off'to see if that just blanks the screen as it should, or if it crashes your x
you can right click on the icon and choose one you like
i'm not sure, i'm using ntfs
lxde is a de that uses openbox
i'm not sure, i'm afraid i've never used a login manager
i'm not familiar with windows.
you didn't add the space bar, there are more lines
i'm not sure, i'm using the default panel
i think it's a bug in the kernel, i'm not sure
you can use sudo to get root access
i'm not sure what you mean by `` not working ''
it's not a big deal, it's just a bit slow
i'm not rocket science, but i'm sure it's not rocket-science.
i'm not sure what you mean by arrows down
i got driver= nvidia-glx-new, but i don't know what to do with it
you can use synaptic, but it's not the same
i'm not sure. i'm using dhcp.
i'm not sure, but i'm pretty sure it was done by the eclipse developers
no, just apt-get install kubuntu-desktop, then you can install it
ok. pastebin the output of `` sudo lshw -class disk ''
i don't know, i've never used windows
i'm trying to install wine, but i can't find the wine hq site
you need to install the package.
you can do that in windows, but you need to reboot to get the system back
you need to uname -a to see the module
i'm not sure where it is
i'm not sure if you can help me with that, but i'm sure i can help you
i used this dev c program win32 using wine then saved has.cp and then put that file into my linux folder then did the g thing and popped the output file into your command line
i'm not sure, i'm using the default nameservers.
i don't know, where did you get that game from, there must be instructions somehow
i'm using the nvidia driver, but i'm not sure how to get it to work
you can use the daily build ppa : URL
i know. i just didn't know that.
okay, so you're on a windows box, right?
i'm not sure if that model was available as pci express already
it's not that wine isn't good.
i 'll try it, thanks
you can use the entire drive as a storage mount, or use it as a media mount, for movies, music, etc.
you can set a password for root, but if you are using sudo it uses the user's password
you need to install the openfire2 package
i 'll give it a try, thanks
i have the latest version of compiz
i'm not sure how long it will stay alive, but i'm sure it will
i think arm ports are better than arm ports
i had to use the alternate cd to install
i'm not sure what you mean by sh.FILEPATH
i'm not sure, i've never used it.
you need to restart nautilus.
i'm not sure. i'm afraid i don't know.
i'm not a fan of patching their code to work against 2.6.22
he did that to the same effect
i'm going to try to find a tutorial on how to do it, but i'm not sure how to find it
i'm not sure what you mean by careless people.
you can build from source, but it's not recommended
i'm not sure what you mean
you can use scp to block encription of the data
you can protect your data with the guest session feature
i am using the correct ip for my router..
i have java installed and it works fine
i'm not sure, i've never used it
you're trying to compile a program?
i'm not sure what that means
sudo is a command to run programs with superuser privileges ( `` root '' ). look at URL for all information.
i think you can drag a window from the desktop switcher applet in panel like that, but not from an actual desktop
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there are some good programs for raid
i 'll try to update again, thanks
i'm not sure what to tell it to use v3
denyhots is a great tool for that
i think he is trying to export his.bashrc to a directory.
i'm not sure what you mean by `` i'm still working on ''
i'm not sure, i've never had pulse issue
aptitude is a meta package, aptitude is an apt-get replacement
i 'll mail it to you, but i 'll be back in a few minutes
you can also add a dock to the top of your screen.
i have a netbook 10.4 and i want to upgrade to 10.10
he's not using a router, he's using a dlink
i'm not sure what you mean by export path
i am using gparted but i don't understand how i can mount stuff with it
i dont know, i dont use nfs
i have tried 9.04 and it works
sudo is a command to run programs with superuser privileges ( `` root '' ). look at URL for all information.
i don't know, i do nt think you can
you can use a windows boot loader to do that
you can set it up in the preferences.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it was in the repos
i have a user list in xchat.
you need to install the alsa driver
i'm not sure, i'm using mplayer
i'm not sure what to tell you
i don't know, i've never used it
you can use a usb stick to transfer characters to a text file
i think you can make a live usb and make a iso.
you can also do a make clean and distclean
you can rename the hdd, but i'm not sure how you would do that
i'm not sure, i'm using ubuntu-restricted-extras
i'm not sure, i'm on a livecd
you can boot from other cds, but you need to verify the cd
i have ubuntu installed on it
i'm not sure, but i'm looking into it.
i think i found it, thanks
you can try rebooting windows and see if it works
i'm not sure what you mean by desktop menu editor
i'm not sure what you mean by `` list ''
you need to change the permissions of the directory you are trying to write to
you need to boot into the mbr of the hd it is installed in and then run the repair fix
i'm talking about the ati drivers, not the keyring
please don't flood, use URL to paste, do nt use enter as punctuation.
i'm not sure what you mean by `` run in shell ''
what version of ubuntu are you running?
i don't know what you mean by manual
you can use -f to create the archive
i 'd recommend a clean install, but i'm not sure if it's worth the hassle
you don't have any of them mounted to FILEPATH
i'm not sure what you mean by `` kill ''
i'm not sure, i've never used it
you need to create a directory in FILEPATH
you can use the inet key combination to get a list of combinations.
i'm not sure what you mean by shared folder
because you can not mount partitions with extended
i'm not sure, i've never used it
i got myself the v5 and it works now, thanks : d
i'm trying to resize it.
i'm not a fan of unity, but i'm trying to get it to work
i've tried that, but it doesn't work
you can change the font size in the fonts tab.
you can upgrade to 3.5 if you want
you can use spellcheck to get rid of dictionary stuff
you can not write to the media directory itself, why do you think you want to write there?
i'm not sure. i've never used putty.
i'm not sure what you mean by `` only on an 802.11b connection ''
no, i didn't get it from the repos
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's possible.
you can also install compizconfig-settings-manager, and you 'll get access to all the configuration options, i.e. to the cube feature
i'm not sure what you mean by `` break ''
i'm not sure what you mean by clipboard manager
i'm using aiglx, but i don't have aigl x installed
i'm not sure if you search for 'nvidia ', there are several packages involved
i don't know, i do nt think you can do that
i'm not sure what the problem is, but i'm pretty sure it's a bug
i'm not sure, but i 'd guess that the firewall would deny any inbound connections.
it's not downloading the files, it's downloading the.deb files
i've used it with a few different cards.
you can use fdisk -l to find the device
i'm not sure. i'm just curious.
i'm not sure if he's talking about the daily, but i 'd imagine it would be a good idea to do that
ok, so you're not able to open other windows, use menus in the task bar, etc?
i'm not sure if you can do that, but i'm sure you can
i've played a few games on my card, but none of them have worked
i think it's a plugin for the browser
you can use the ip address in FILEPATH
i'm not sure what you mean by obnoxious scripts
i think he meant dist-upgrade, not dist-downgrade
i had to use the livecd to get my video card to work
i'm not sure what you mean by `` my.pc ''
you can use skype in ubuntu, but you need to enable the universe repo
i'm not sure what to do now
i'm not going to contact them, i'm just trying to get the codecs to work properly
i'm waiting for the patches, i'm just curious if they 'll be available in time for release
i don't know, i've never used minicom
FILEPATH FILEPATH vfat defaults, gid=1000, umask=0007, fmask=0117, utf8 0 0
i'm not sure, i've never used amarok
you can use sudo to get out of su
i'm not sure, i'm using kde4
i am typing in command line : php -r `` mail ( 'EMAIL ', 'test ', ``test') '' '
i want to create a program that calculates the mayan calander in real time and makes predictions
i don't know. i've never used it.
i want to use gmail, but i do not want to do that.
i'm not sure what you mean by ugly
i'm not sure how to do it with mutt
i know, but i'm not sure how to make it work
i'm not sure, i've never used it
windows is a completely different operating system compared to unix-like operating systems
you need to set the debian-sys-maint password in mysql, then set it to match in FILEPATH
sudo -i works, but it's not recommended
i'm not sure, i'm just curious
i'm not sure what you mean by `` wireless ''
i'm not sure what you mean by a wiki, but i'm sure there are some
i don't have gstreamer-plugins installed. i'm using rythmbox
you can obtain a license from the company you want to obtain it from
you can use 2.6.11-0.2 if you pass `` noinotify '' as a boot parameter
what's the output of `` dmesg ''?
i 'll try that, thanks
i don't know, i've never used it
ok, so you are trying to open it as root?
i think you need to mount it manually
i'm not sure, i've never used it
you can use the -dev option to create a new path
i'm not sure if it's still in the 10.04 days, but i'm sure it 'll be.
i'm not sure what super grub disk is
i'm not sure what to tell you
i'm not familiar with asus, but i'm sure there are some linuxsupportdrivers available
i'm not sure, i'm using gnome-panel
i don't know. i'm not sure how to do it.
i'm using nano, but i'm not sure how to do it from there.
ok, so you have the restricted drivers installed.
you can create a seperate home partition with your home dir and then tell it not to touch that dir
you need to mount it if your windows drive isn't mounted
i'm sorry, i don't know what you're talking about
i 'll try that, thanks
you can use synaptic to search for applications data
i'm not sure what that means.
i don't see FILEPATH in there
try : sudo apt-get install libgl1-dev
i'm not sure what you mean by grep
i'm not sure, i've never used wlan-ubuntu
i'm not sure what arch is, but i'm sure it's not a bad idea to use arch
i don't know, i do nt think you can
i'm not sure what you mean by `` bonne appetit ''
i think it was a bug in the default config
i'm not sure what you mean by `` not showing up on the desktop ''
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's possible
i'm not sure what you mean by `` change permissions ''
i'm not sure what you mean by `` blacklist ''
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it helps
i have a bunch of repos that i have to upgrade to
i'm not sure what the problem is.. i'm using the live cd and it's asking for a username and pass
i'm not sure what you mean by resume your shell
i want to make a usb bootable msdos
i'm trying to mount it with the mount command
i'm not sure if xmms2 is in the works
i don't know, i'm not sure
i use vim and emacs. but i don't like emacs
i want to disable glx not remove nviida i can do it in xorg.conf, just found it
i don't know.. i do nt use alsamixer
i'm not sure if you understand what i'm saying
i'm not sure what you mean by raid
you can remount the jar.. but you need to remount it.. or remount
i'm not sure, but i've never used it
i'm trying to connect to tonyyarusso.com from my windows machine.
i'm not sure what you mean by `` install a whole new distro ''
you can use the dvd mode in pio
i'm not sure what you mean by free
i'm not sure about the flash plugin, but i 'd say it's not offical
you can make a ppoint in linux, but you have to make it yourself
i'm not sure, but i've never used faumachine. i'm afraid i don't know.
ok, so you're trying to mount it as root?
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a way
please don't shout! we can read lowercase too.
you can also try to run wine in a terminal.
you're not going to get help from anyone who doesn't know what they're doing.
i'm not sure what chipset it is, but i'm using it on my osx boxen.
you can use 'locate xsplash'to change the file.
you can install edgy from the repositories, but you 'll have to reinstall the kernel
you can buy a battery-powered computer for about 20-30 bucks
what is the output of : lsb_release -sc
you can use zimbra to send email addresses to the email address you want
you 'll need to restart apache after doing that.
you can add the following lines to your sources.list : deb URL breezy main restricted universe multiverse
i'm not sure, i've never used firestarter
you can use a script to run them
i'm not sure, but i 'd try it.
i'm not sure, i'm afraid i don't know
you can make a swap partition, but it will be a bit slow
i've tried spoofing my mac to be somebody elses
you can also try to install it from the sun website
you shouldn't need to use FILEPATH use the network admin tool from the gui
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there's a way to do it
you can search for ubuntu on the web
i'm not sure what to do with it.
if its a router, what FILEPATH is it.
no, it is not possible, but you can try it
i'm not sure if you can get a pm from me, but i'm sure you can
i'm not sure, i've never used wifi before
i'm using twinview on my laptop, and it works fine
i'm going to study a bit, but i 'll be back in a few
i'm not sure, i've never used it
i just selected install option from the initial menu
i'm not sure what you mean by `` linux-image ''
i'm not sure what you mean by `` select the other one ''
you can download the latest daily build from the ubuntu website
i'm not sure, i've never used them
you can also use the command `` ls -l FILEPATH
i'm already running nvidia drivers. what is sorting by proc?
szal, jetscreamer, what does it say, `` no proprietary drivers in use on this system '' at the top of my additional drivers?
i'm using karmic, so i don't need extra repos.
ok, i 'll try that. thanks
you can learn the server edition while still having the desktop edition installed.
it's not always that way, though
i'm not sure how to do that
i'm not sure, i've never used marillat
i am not sure what you mean
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's possible
you can do a mount, then copy and paste the output to URL
it doesn't benefit from all the changes that are happening in unstable.
ok, now type this : sudo apt-get install broadcom-wl-4.150.10.5
i'm not sure, i've never used it
i think you can add a key to adept.
i'm not sure how to do that.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a package called xchm
i'm glad you asked me about pidgin, because that last update got it working
i'm not sure, i've never used netselect
i dont know what they are saying, i dont know how to tell them
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to get my wireless working
you can change the default in the master.cf file
i think you can do that with the alternate cd
i've had that problem with pulseaudio for years.
i think so, but i don't know
you need to be more specific.
i'm not sure what to do.
i'm not sure how to do it
what does the command lspci grep vga return?
i'm not sure what to do.
you can install the libstdc6 package from the repos
i think it's 6.06, but i'm not sure.
i have a box that i can fire over and have it check the install from within like i did
i'm not sure what that means
i am not sure i understand what you mean
i'm not sure what number pad is, but i'm sure it's off an
you can use a firewall to block any ports that are open to the evil internet
please don't flood, use URL to paste, do nt use enter as punctuation.
you can use fat32 to mount partitions
ok, so you're running breezy?
you need to remove FILEPATH first, or at least run sudo debuild clean in that dir do you have devscripts installed?
i have flashplugin-nonfree installed and i have the flashplugininstaller installed
you can use the `` memtest '' command to check your ram usage
you can use the sh command to extract the file
i'm not sure how to do that, but i'm going to try it
i dont think backtrack is based on ubuntu
you can set the permissions for the dir with : sudo chmod 777 FILEPATH
i'm not sure what you mean by `` narrow ''
i'm not sure what you mean by `` install vlc ''
you have screwed with the repos
i don't know, i've never used it.
run : sudo apt-get update ; sudo aptitude -y upgrade
you can also use the terminal to launch it from the terminal
i see power management in the power management
i'm not sure, i've never used it
i want to log in as root.
you can use your private key on any computer you don't trust
i'm not sure how to do that. i'm using breezy.
ubuntu uses xfce, xubuntu uses gnome
i 'll post the lilo.conf file as well, then.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's possible
i don't think it can
thanks, i 'll look into it.
i'm running 32 bit, but i'm not sure how to install the 32 bit driver
you can mount them in the `` places '' menu
tedkozma : i'm using intel graphics card, and it's taking up a lot of cpu
what does it say when you try to mount it?
i'm not sure, i'm using the public address
i dont know, i have a usb drive
i'm not sure, i'm using the same font as i. it's just a plain brownish color
i'm not sure what you mean by `` help ''
i'm not sure, i'm using gnome-session-daemon
i dont know. i dont use gnome. i use kde.
ok, so, you want to get an ip from your mac address?
you can add `` acpi=off '' to the end of the file
i read the man pages they make no sense so don't tell me to man sudo
i think i got it, but i dont get the fss line
i'm not sure, i'm using the -generic kernel
you can install ubuntu as a whole
i'm not sure what to do
i know, but i want to know if there is a way to watch pdf's directly from the browser
ok, so you're in the login window now.
i don't know, i'm not a keyboard designer.
i'm not sure what you mean by that
i dont think its a problem with the installer, its just a matter of setting up the locale
i've used frostwire and limewire and i've had the same results
i'm not sure, i've never used a zone file
i'm not sure what you mean.
i'm not sure what you mean by `` fail ''
i'm not sure if it's a raid0 or a raid1
you can upgrade to xubuntu from breezy.
you can also use the'sudo apt-get update'command to upgrade to the latest version
i don't know, i've never had any problems with 2.4
ok, i 'll try that.
i tried adept, but it didn't work
i'm not sure, i'm pretty sure it's broken
if you don't have a FILEPATH on the machine, it's probably not a good idea to do that.
if you have a router, you can use a static ip
i'm not sure, i've never used it.
i don't know, i do nt know how to do that
i'm not sure, i'm using the merged version
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a way to do it
you can only have 4 primary partitions - you can only use one primary partition
you can use the smbpasswd command to check the share speed
i'm not sure, but i've heard that bmp is better than mp3
i'm not sure what it is.
i'm not sure, i'm just a newbie
you can use the software center to install it
it should be installed, but i don't know how
i'm not sure, but i'm sure you can find a way to do it with gparted
i'm not sure, but i've heard that rockbox is better than the other alternatives
i'm not sure what you mean by `` desktop-base ''
i'm not sure what you mean by `` possible ''
i'm not sure, i'm using the default ubuntu install
i'm not sure what you mean by `` building new kernels ''
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's possible
i'm not sure, but i've heard that thunderbird is better than rhythmbox
you can disable them by running `` sudo apt-get install ubuntu-tweak ''
i don't know, i do nt think it matters
you need to set the raid0 level to 1.
what is the output of `` mount ''?
i have found the FILEPATH EMOJI because it was easy. through some dist-upgrade some gnome packages have been removed. sudo apt-get install ubuntu-desktop should fixes it
i'm not sure what you mean by `` lower level ''
you can install it from the kde3.3 repository
i have a usb stick with a usb drive, but i don't want to lose it
please don't flood ; use URL to paste ; do nt use enter as punctuation.
i'm not sure, i've never used ubuntu
i'm not sure how to do that. i'm using the default configuration file.
i'm not sure, i'm just a bot EMOJI
i'm trying to convert a pdf to m.doc converter
i'm not sure what you mean by binutils version
you can set up a root account with sudo
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's in the xorg.conf
i'm not sure what you mean by nerdy
i am lost how would you investigate an unexpected server reboot
i think i will try to do something now
i'm not sure what you mean by `` do this ''
i'm not sure what you mean by `` preventing the screen from locking ''
you can install programs with sudo, but you shouldn't have to do that.
i don't know, i've never used savage.
i did, i386, i686, and i386
you can get a 256mb one for around 25 euros
what is the output of : lsb_release -sc
i'm not sure, i've never tried it
i would reinstall but maybe it can be done via do-release-upgrade or sth. else
i don't know, i'm not familiar with initd
i'm not sure, but i think it's in the menu.
i'm not sure what you mean by `` no plugins ''
i've done it before, but it's a bit tricky to do
i think you can run the gnome-session-manager in kcontrol
what is the ip of the laptop?
i'm not sure what you mean by `` make it easy to set up fds ''
i dont think so.. but i would think so.
you can also set a password for root, by doing chattr -i FILEPATH
i'm having a problem with my intel graphics card, and i'm trying to get it to work
i think you can do that with the sort command
i'm trying to mount a dvd, it's telling me my mount point is not a directory.
i don't understand what it's trying to get me to do with fstab
i'm not sure, i'm just a bot EMOJI
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a way to do it
i'm not sure, i've never used it
i'm not sure what you mean by `` school server ''
i have a lot of problems with my wifi
i'm not sure, i'm using the nvidia driver from nvidia.com
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is
no, it's not guaranteed.
i dont know, i dont use flash
you will not get any dhcp data
i'm not sure what to suggest then.'metacity -- replace'might kick it in the head also.
i'm not sure, i've never used amd64
ok, now, paste the output from dpkg -l sun-java5 onto URL
i'm not sure what to do now
you can use the pastebin to paste the output of 'df -h '
i don't have fs there
i'm not sure what you mean by `` gksudo ''
you can not run virtualbox service on port 80?
i've never had any problems with my hd.
i tried it in a terminal but it can't find application's directory
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it 'll be fixed in about 10 years
you're using a dns server?
grub2 is the default ubuntu boot manager in karmic. for more information and troubleshooting on grub2 please refer to URL
i'm not sure how to do that.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's the same
you're not asking in ubuntu support, you're asking in xen
i'm not sure, i've never used it
i'm not sure, i've never used compiz
i'm not sure, i've never had this issue before
i have a phone with a nokia and it sync with evolution
i'm not sure what you mean by that
i'm going to do the upgrade now
you're already root when you boot?
i think you can install the nvidia driver from the live cd
i have a usb card that works. URL
i think you need to install the drivers from nvidia site
i think it's verbose, but i'm not sure
i'm not sure if it's in universe, but i'm sure it is
ok now type this sudo nano FILEPATH
i don't know. i do nt think it is.
i think you need to log out and log back in
i'm trying to install 8.04 from a different place
i don't know, i'm not sure
you should be able to get it with sudo aptitude install vuze
i'm not sure if it's a bug, but i've noticed that it 'll happen if you press the button twice
i'm not sure, i've never used it
i'm logging out of that sh ill go there later, whats the command to exit sh?
i think you need to install the apache2-dev package
ok, can we go and do that? let me make that back up
i've tried swiftweasel and it's not working.
i don't know what to tell you
i use gzip for most stuff because it's faster than bzip2. complete utter idiocy. use what appeals to you.
you can add it to the app menu
i'm not sure, i've never had this problem before
i'm not sure if it's possible to do that, but i 'd try it
i'm not sure, but i've seen it in the repos
i'm not sure what to do next
you can use `` sudo dpkg-reconfigure xserver-xorg '' or if you want even more control `` sudo apt-get install xserver ''
ok, so you have a network connection, and you have an ethernet cable?
i'm not sure what the control is
i can not find it on FILEPATH even when am enable universe repo
i'm not sure what you mean by `` windows open for several minutes ''
you 'll find that the command line is much easier to use than the gui
i'm looking at the readme. i 'll give it a shot.
i'm running 10.04 because i had problems with n networks and my intel wifi card in 10.10
you can use the tab key for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
ok, so you have a root password, and you want to run it as root?
i'm not sure, i'm using ubuntu
i'm not sure if that's what you're looking for
you need to put the iso file in FILEPATH
i don't know. i do nt know how to do it.
i'm not sure what you mean by `` every 10 min ''
i have tried with pci setting but it says it can't find driver
i'm not sure how to do that
i'm not sure, i've never had a problem with that.
i'm not sure what you mean by failsafe
i'm not sure what you mean by iwconfig
i'm not sure what that means
you can do it in a terminal.
no, i have a hostname for my hostname
ok.. so you're getting full speed.. right?
i'm not sure what chgrp is, but i'm sure it would be a good idea.
i'm not sure what you mean by `` run smooth ''
i'm not sure, i've never used kde
i have a dell 3.2 ghz with nvidia fx5200, but need windows on that for now for college work, etc.
what's the problem you're having, exactly?
i am glad that ndiswrapper exists - thanks for it to all who are involved!
you can use the gnome-panel to change the window borders
you can also use startupmanger to change the usplash
yes, you can download the edgy deb from ubuntuguide.org
you can use rsync to copy files
i'm not sure if that's what he's asking for
you can add them to your.local hostnames
i'm not sure what that means, but i'm sure it's possible
i'm not sure what you mean by `` no package ''
i am not sure what you mean
it's a good start. it's also a good place to start.
i'm not connecting, i'm just not connecting
what is the make and model?
i'm not sure what you mean by purge
i 'll be in the meeting in one hour
i'm not sure what to do with grub2
ok, so you're trying to install xulrunner-bin, right?
i'm not sure, i've never had any problems with the drivers
ok, i 'll try that. thanks.
i'm not sure, i'm using xchat-gnome
i'm not sure what you mean by `` modify ''
i'm on dapper, i'm running dapper
did you try to uninstall package reboot and reinstall
you need to install thunderbird first, then install thunderbirds
i have opened up file sharing on the vista machine. i have gotten vista to recognize ubuntu, and ping to it, but ubuntu will not recognize vista. furthermore, when i try and connect to it via network, it doesn't work.
i'm not sure what you mean by workstation
i have a nvidia card, and i like it
you can use tune2fs to change the uuid of the disk.
i'm not sure, i've never used php.
i'm not sure what you mean by basic thing
i tried installing ubuntu on his computer, but it was slow.
i'm not sure, but i 'd guess it's a dvd made with idvd
you can use gksudo to edit the file
i have got it fixed, but it involved detailed hacking of the FILEPATH file
i removed the 9400gt, and i am struggling to have the onboard nforce610 working but it looks the same
you may need to run the usb-creator tool as root.. i was thinking it asked for the sudo password.
you can get the alternate cd from the same place you got the desktop cd
you can use the command `` sudo -i '' to get root privs
ok. i 'll give it a try. thanks.
i'm not sure how to do it..i've never used rsync..
you can change the theme in the gnome system gtk2 theme there
i'm not sure what you mean by `` i'm using ubuntu ''
i tried that and it didnt find the files
you can install the nvidia-glx-180 package from the restricted manager
i'm not sure, i've never used it.
i'm not sure, but i've heard good things about ext4
i've tested just the audio by using arecord from the alsa device my 950q adds and pipe it to aplay
because it's not in the repositories
i'm not asking how to add the printer to windows. i'm asking how i can add it to ubuntu.
you can install smplayer from the repos
you can edit that file till your blue in the face it will not do anything unless x is restarted
i'm not sure, i've never used it
i'm not sure, i've never used ntp
ok, now go to system - administration - users and groups
no, it's not pulling the plug
you can also try `` ccsm '' if it's not installed, it will explain how to install it
i'm not sure, i've never used it
can you paste the complete output and the command you ran in pastebin plz?
please don't flood, use URL to paste, do n use enter as punctuation.
i'm not sure, but i've heard that there are some good terminal music players
you can use both, but i'm not sure which one is better for you
i'm not sure what you mean by safe graphics mode
please watch your language and topic to help keep this channel family friendly.
i'm not sure if vlc has security issues.
i have tried that. but i do not understand me. i am not a gnome user.
synaptic is just a front end for apt-get
i'm not sure. i'm using a dell laptop.
you can use sudo apt-get clean to clean up the cache
i've tried to connect via bluetooth but it's not 100 functional
i'm not sure how to do that
i 'd just reinstall ubuntu, then
please don't do that, i know what i'm doing
i'm not sure what you mean by raid
you can use aumix to play with both playback and record on you line or mic
i'm not sure what you're talking about
you can use nohup to close the terminal
you can add repos to your sources.list, but you need to install the dependencies
i'm not sure, i've never used it
i'm using the nvidia-glx-new package, and it works fine.
what wireless card do you have?
you can install ubuntu 10.10 on a different machine, but you 'll need to install virtualbox on the other machine.
ce canal est en anglais uniquement. si vous avez besoin d'aide ou voulez discuter en francais, merci de rejoindre ubuntu-fr ou kubuntu-fr
i 'd suggest you try installing ubuntu-desktop first
i'm not sure what that means, i'm using suse and it overwrote my grub, besides ubuntuguide suggesting'super grub disk'is there a dpkg-reconfigure that i can do or something?
i'm going to change my ftp username's group to have permissions on FILEPATH
i'm not sure what the nas is. i'm trying to connect to it from the nas
i'm not sure what you mean by power. i've never used it.
i'm not sure what the link is
i 'll do a clean install of gnome 2.15.4
i'm not sure if there is a linux virus for windows, but i 'd think so
i'm not sure what you mean by `` smooth ''
you can use the command line to do that
i'm not sure what you mean by customer service
you can use the gui to do that
i've got a few things to do, but i'm not sure how to do them all
ok, now run `` sudo apt-get install build-essential ''.
i think you can use a live cd to do that
i'm not sure, i'm using a router
i'm trying to run a video in a blog window
you can drag a folder to the left of the panel
i'm not sure what you mean by taskbar
i think it's a power button
i am not sure if you have the right alsa channel
you can use the ubuntu kernel, but it's not as stable as the debian kernel
i'm not sure what you mean by `` start ''
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a way.
i'm not sure, i'm using the edgy repo
then you can select the network name
you can use the space between windows username and your windows username
you can resize your FILEPATH partition to fit your needs
i'm not sure, i'm using the live cd
i'm not sure what to do.
i'm trying to install it from the website
ok now type : sudo mount FILEPATH
you can make a bootable dos usb pen with windows on it
i have a usb stick.. but when i make changes it is not saved on the usb stick
i'm not sure what you mean
you can also pastebin the contents of FILEPATH
i don't know, i'm not a developer
i'm not sure if it's possible to display it in channel.
i'm using the ose version, but i'm not sure if it's in the repos
i'm not sure what you mean by `` make ''
you can put it in FILEPATH or FILEPATH
i'm not sure what you mean by `` update ''
what is the output of : sudo service mysql restart
you can use the terminal to run glxinfo grep -i vendor
i don't know, i've never used nvidia.
i am trying to reinstall qemu to retreive an original FILEPATH file
i think it was a bug in the last days.
i am not allowed to say crap without getting the ol '! language ubottu lecture
achoth : URL -- section memory wear
i'm not sure, i've never used it
i'm not sure, i've never had a problem with raid, but i'm sure it's possible
i have 11.04 and windows 7 on my hdd already
i'm not sure what you mean by `` better ''
i'm not sure, i'm trying to find out what the last message was before reboot
i would, but i don't know how to do it
you need to mount the cd rom first
okay, so we need to do'sudo ndiswrapper -i neta5agu.inf '
i'm not sure, i've never used it
i have a geforce 6200 512mb pci ( yeah really ).. it rocks with glitter EMOJI
i don't own the game, i just want to know if it works
i 'll be back in a few.
i'm using 4.2.2, but i'm not sure how to install the latest version
i imported the key from my local repository.
you can delete the config files in your home directory
i'm not sure what you mean by `` experimenting ''
i 'd buy a new card, but i'm not sure how much it will cost
i'm not sure about that. i've never used it.
i'm not sure, but i 'd guess it's not intentional
i'm not sure, i've never used it
i'm not sure if it's possible to do that, but i'm sure it 'll work
i'm not sure if it's possible to run wow on ubuntu, but i'm sure it 'll work.
i use xchat for irc. but that's an irc-only client.
i'm not sure, i'm using wicd
you can use -n to get a nice value
you should use the ubuntu provided drivers
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to copy the image over
what wireless card do you have?
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's possible
i'm not sure what you mean by `` xming ''.
you can use apt-get to install the gimp package
you can set it in FILEPATH by editing FILEPATH
i 'll give it a shot, thanks
you can use gparted to resize partitions.
i'm trying to extract it from a windows cd
i'm not sure, i've never used it
you can change the permissions of the partition
you can install the chromium-browser package and install it
you can use unetbootin to install ubuntu on windows
i've tried disabling some of the vmware guest extensions like apic, but it doesn't seem to work.
try `` sudo apt-get update '', then try again.
i'm not sure, i'm using a raid controller
what does it look like? a brown background?
i dont know what to do..
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it will work
you can ask canonical employees here, but they're not here to help you
you can get a free cd for free
you can remove it by installing the package libapache2-mod-php5
i'm not sure what log file viewer is.
i'm not sure, i'm using the ubuntu package manager
i 'll try that, thanks.
you're trying to extract it?
you can install the kubuntu desktop, but you don't want to do the server install.
you can use fdisk -l to find the device
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there are some docs on the web that explain it
i'm not sure, i've never used it
ok. i'm going to restart the x server.
i would say you can get a small linux and run it on it
i'm not sure, i'm using the default compiz settings
i'm not sure what you mean by fstab.
you can install guest additions with the guest additions
i'm trying to find the device, but i can't find it
i'm not sure what you mean by block
i'm not sure, i've never used superscripts
you can use xchat for ms then plz
i think you should look at what 64bit really means
delerium - i'm going to bed now.
okay, you need to : sudo apt-get remove nvidia-177-modaliases nvidia_71-modalisases nouveau-96-modaleases
i'm trying to play mp3s in frostwire.
i'm not sure what you mean by `` don't fix ''.
you can use the backports repos, but that is not recommended.
i've x1950 xt.. try envy and install driver via it
i'm not sure, i've never used arch, but i'm sure there is a guide somewhere
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there are some.
you can try sudo fdisk -l to see if it still shows the win partition
i'm not sure, but i'm pretty sure it's radeon
then you can use the live cd to fix it
i have done sudo aptitude reinstall xserver-xorg-video-intel
you can use the nvidia driver to make the nv driver work
i dont know, i dont use it
i don't know what to say. sudo bash tsalsa works on my pc
ok, now type sudo mount FILEPATH FILEPATH ext4 rw, user, auto 0 2
i think you can just compile it yourself
you need to install the build-essential package
you need to restart udev, and then restart uv
ok, so you have a sound card that isn't supported by your sound card, and you have to use the onboard sound card
i have a vnc authentication failure.
run this script from the ubuntu cd and pastebin the results.txt. URL
i have a creative card. i have a laptop with a creative driver.
i'm not sure what you mean by ads.
i'm not sure, i'm just a kde user EMOJI
i'm not sure, i've never used it
i'm not sure, i've never tried it
i ordered mine about a week after the release, and got them yesterday.
i'm not sure what you mean by `` convert ''
you don't need to compile java
you have to upgrade to the next version.
i don't have libgl installed, i have libgtk2.0-0-dev installed
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's fixed
you can use the package manager to install the codecs
i'm not sure, i'm just a bot
please don't flood, use URL to paste, do nt use enter as punctuation.
i think they did a cost analysis, but i don't know how much they cost
you can try reinstalling vlc, but that won't work
i have no idea what u are trying to do
i 'll try the package, brb with with results
i know but i want to know if it is stuck
can you sudo -i then cd FILEPATH then ls -al and see anything
i'm not sure, i've never had a problem with the old kernel
i'm using a 64 bit system, and i have no problems with it
i think you should stick with 64bit
please don't flood, use URL to paste, do nt use enter as punctuation.
i'm using firefox 3.0, but i have to change the settings in the settings
you can set the permissions of the files in the directory you want to run
you can learn to hack in linux, but you 'll have to learn to program first
i don't know, i do nt know how to fix it
what is the name of the apache2 package?
i'm not sure, i've never had a problem with ati, but i'm sure they've done it.
i'm not sure, i've never used it
you can also use `` rm -rf FILEPATH
i'm not sure what you mean by server
grub is the default ubuntu boot manager. lost grub after installing windows : URL - making grub floppies other grub howtos : URL
i dont like macs but now i dont..
i don't know about vista. xp is pretty easy though : URL
i'm not sure, i've never used it
i want update kernel and recognize hd and install!!!
you can test the iso with a test cd
i'm not sure. i'm sure there's a way to do it, but i've never tried it.
i recall you? but from where, and when?
i dont know, i have a server running on my laptop
what is the output of : lsb_release -sc
you need to enable the universe and multiverse repos
i'm not sure, i've never used a computer
i'm trying to make a deb file for my laptop
you can use the ip of your router to set it up
i'm not sure, i've never seen that
you 'll need to install the xserver-xorg-core package
you will get a lot of help if you don't ask
i'm not sure, i'm using the default ubuntu install
you can try reinstalling it, but i don't know how to do that
you can use the network manager to configure the wireless
you can also do it manually with apt-get update
i'm not sure, i'm just curious
you can install xp in ubuntu, but you will need to install the puel version
you can use the database app in openoffice
i'm not sure, but i 'd say 2-3 times the ram of your computer
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's in the queue
i'm not asking a question. i'm asking a howto.
i've tried conencting the gigabit switch to the gigabyte switch to get 100mbps
i'm not sure, i've never used it
it depends on what you want to do with it.
i'm not sure, but i 'd recommend a fresh install.
you can install the meta package, but you 'll need to install the ubuntu-desktop meta package
i'm not sure. i'm a fish.
you can try booting from the cd and see if grub is there
i'm not sure, i'm on a livecd
you can use'sudo'to do it.
i'm talking about the gnome-shell, not the gui.
i'm not sure what you mean by that.
i don't know. i'm not a compiz expert.
you can use the ppa to install gnome 3
i'm not sure, i've never used anjuta
it's not in the history, but it's in the current state
you have to reinstall the router
you could not find alsa-base because it has benn renamed to alsa
open a terminal and type `` alsamixer ''
because it's not a kernel upgrade
what is the output of `` df -h ''
you can use the command `` ps aux grep cups '' to show all processes running
you can enable it in synaptic, or use apt-get
i do all FILEPATH editing in vim.
i 'll try that, thanks
i'm not sure if you can do that, but i'm sure you can
you need to add yourself to the admin group.
i don't know. i'm not a gnome user.
you can upgrade to 6.10 if you want
i'm not sure of any.
i think you need to find out the controller name
i'm not sure what you mean by `` use 52 of ram ''
i'm not sure if it's possible to do that, but i'm sure it 'll work.
i'm not sure, i'm just curious
you can use the right mouse button to drag stuff over
you can use ssh to connect to the server
ok, so you've got a repository list, right?
i'm not sure, i'm just going through the wiki page
i would try the hardware-driver tool.
i'm not sure if i can do that
you don't want to install lilo by source if you really want lilo
ok then the kernel handles it well. bluetooth-properties finds it too?
i'm not sure what you mean by offtopic
i'm not sure if he's using x3 or x4
you can install ubuntu on a cd, but you need to install windows first
i'm not sure what spatial thing is, but i'm sure it's a bit more complex than that.
i'm not sure, i've never used openvpn
i dont know, i dont use ipv4
i'm not sure what you mean by update
okay, i 'll give it a shot.
i'm not sure, i've never used unofficial repos
i'm not sure what you mean by `` run it ''
you can change the permissions of FILEPATH by editing FILEPATH
i'm not sure, i've never tried it
ok, open alsamixer, and select the headphone, surround, wave elements that are muted ( they have mm at the bottom of the slider )
i'm not sure what you mean by that.
i'm not sure what you mean.
i'm not sure what you mean by that
you can use the alternate installer to install the raid1
i'm not sure how to add the 400gb one
i'm not sure, i've never had a problem with compiz
i'm not sure how to do it at boot.
i'm not sure if you can run oneiric on a legacy system.
i'm not sure what you mean by `` choose from ''
please don't flood, use URL to paste, do nt use enter as punctuation.
you can set it up with sudo nvidia-settings
i'm not sure, i've never used vlc
i'm not sure, i've never used electronics that were designed for that low a temperature
i'm using xorg-edgers, and it's very stable
you can now just click on it, and it will open a terminal
you can try booting from the cd and see if it works
you can use gnome do to customize your panel
no, i meant `` get ''
i'm not sure if it's worth it, but i'm sure it 'll be worth it
i'm not sure what you mean.
wine isn't perfect, so it may be that itunes doesn't work very well with it
i don't know what you mean by framebuffer device interface
you can try using the ubuntu repos
i'm not sure, i'm using synaptic
i'm not sure, i'm using alsa-base
i think it is, but i dont know how to check
what version of ubuntu are you using?
i use it for a web designer job
it's a new version of the old software.
ok, thanks for the help, i 'll try that
you need to type `` FILEPATH nickserv identify yourpassword '' without the quotes
i dont know, i dont have a gui
you can boot from the cd, but you need to boot from a live cd
i'm not sure what you're talking about.
you can try installing debian, but i'm not sure how that 'll work
i'm not sure, i'm using lynx
i'm not sure, but i 'd try removing all of them, and see if that helps
i'm not sure, i've never used it
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a way to do it.
you can use dd to copy the data from the drive to the new drive
ok - so `` sudo mount FILEPATH FILEPATH
i'm using evolution, and i'm not sure if it's the same as evolution
i would keep FILEPATH as a backup of all my personal files
because it's a good idea to have a stable version of ubuntu
i'm using the nvidia driver from nvidia.com
i have a celeron and i want to use it for my school
i think i can dd if=FILEPATH of=FILEFILEPATH
i had to do that too, but it worked.
ok.. so you have a usb-connection.. and you're trying to connect to it?
i'm not sure what you're trying to do
i'm not sure. i'm using sudo.
i'm not the guy from the grub problems! everything is fixed!! EMOJI
did you install the firmware-b43-installer package?
i'm not sure if we can do that for arm images, but i think it's still better to not drag it for too long
i'm not sure what you mean by escape
sudo is a command to run programs with superuser privileges ( `` root '' ). look at URL for all information.
i'm not sure, i'm on 10.04
i'm not sure, i've never used vim.
i'm not sure what you mean by `` sees it ''
i want to create a custom paper for wine
i have a 1600dpi mouse and i have a regular mouse
i know,,, i just wan na see the `` computing '' speed ya know,
i dont have pidgin installed, i just want to add the irc protocol to gaim
i'm not sure, i've never used ntfs
i'm not sure, i've never seen it
i'm trying to mount the one which is not auto-mounted
ok. so you've reset root password using chroot and a livedisk, but since you might not be so experienced with a command line, this might be a bit tricky.
i dont think so, i just installed ubuntu and it didnt upgrade
you can use the ip address of your router to set it up
i 'll try that, thanks
ok, now do this : sudo apt-get update sudo aptitude upgrade sudo aptget upgrade sudo dist-upgrade
i'm not sure, i'm using a livecd
i think they collect them for good causes.
you need to install linux-headers- ( uname -r )
what kind of monitor do you have?
i'm not sure what you mean by dry
ok. then go to system - admin - additional drivers
what is the output of 'lspcigrep vga '?
i don't know what to do
i'm not sure what you mean by `` mess ''
i dont know. i dont use transmission
i'm sorry, i'm not familiar with grub on outboard drives
i'm not sure, i've never used it
ok then did you edit the resolution in the usplash.conf file?
i'm not sure what you mean by `` based off of debian ''
you can install the ubuntu 8.04 kernel from the livecd, and then install the 8.10 kernel from there
you can use sudo to do anything you want
wine is a compatibility layer for running windows programs on FILEPATH see URL for more information.
i dont know much about drivers in ubuntu.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's a good idea.
you can use the alternate cd to install
i dont find it hard, i just dont know how to enable it
you can use the init.d script to do that.
i tried and it says it is already installed
i have a 2 second jerk in fullscreen
i'm not sure. i'm on a livecd.
you can store ur personal data in FILEPATH
i'm not sure if they're available in the repos, but i 'd imagine they would be available in a few weeks
ok, `` sudo apt-get install gparted ''
what is the make and model of your laptop?
seb128 : i 'll try that. thanks.
you can use a crossover cable to connect to the other computer
ok, now run `` sudo apt-get install build-essential ''.
can you give a pastebin of the output of : lsb_release -a ; uname -a
i'm not sure if it's possible to build a deb from source
i have a radeon 9600 and it says it is not supported
you can use virtual console to run a gui
i have multiverse and universe enabled, but i have multisource enabled
you can use the ppa for chrome, but you 'll have to enable the repo first
i'm not sure. i'm on a server.
i'm not sure, i'm just a bot
i'm not sure what you mean by `` ubuntu-tweak ''
you need to close it and control alt backspace
i'm not sure, i've never used it
i'm not sure, i've never used it
i'm not sure what you mean by `` driver ''
you can also use `` sudo apt-get install libc6-dev '' to install the libc7-dev packages
i don't know, i've never had to do it
i don't know what you're downloading.
grub2 is the default ubuntu boot manager since karmic. for more information and troubleshooting on grub2 please refer to URL
i'm not sure what you mean by `` i'm using sudo ''
you can use k9 to copy the dvd to a dvd
i'm not sure what you mean by wow.
i'm not sure what you mean by mouse bindings
you can also use the recovery console.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there are some.
you can edit it in gksudo gedit FILEPATH or sudo dpkg-reconfigure xserver-xorg
because i want to remove kpdf and kde
what is the output of : lsb_release -sc
i'm not sure what to do
i think you are talking about the linux permissions model and FILEPATH space
i know, but i'm not sure why it would be stupid
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's possible
i have the server version, but i want to automount it automatically
i have a bug in the login sound
you can use the mouse to control the mouse
i'm not sure, but i've heard that flash is a pain in the ass
you can use synaptic to remove the cdrom source
i'm not sure, i'm using a realtek card
i'm not sure, i've never used it
i'm not sure, i've never tried it
i'm not sure what to do next.
i don't know, i'm not sure.
you can do it with : sudo apt-get install build-essential
i'm not sure, i've never used it
i tried tor but it does not work.
i 'll try that.. thanks for the help
i'm not sure if sponsoring is a good idea, but i'm sure it's worth it.
i'm not sure what scrollbar is.. i've never seen it
i'm not sure, i've never used it
i'm not sure, i'm using makeactive
please don't flood, use URL to paste, do nt use enter as punctuation.
you're running ubuntu, right?
you can delete them with : sudo rm -rf.kde
i'm not sure, i've never done it
you can do that with `` sudo chmod rwx ''
i'm not sure what you mean by vendor flags
you can also use the chmod command to set modes
what does lspci say about your wifi card?
i'm not sure what you're talking about
i dont have any pictures of the installation
i'm not sure. i've never used swfdec.
you can pipe the output to less
you can put it in FILEPATH or wherever you want
you can use apt-get to install it
you can use the ppa for intrepid, but that's not the one you're using.
i'm not sure he's trying to do that
i'm not sure what to do.
i'm not sure how to do it in ubunti
i'm not sure what the issue is, but i'm sure it's the same issue.
you can use xargs to unzip the first file
i think you need to defrag windows first
i'm not sure what you mean by `` secure something ''
you can install grub to the mbr of any distro you want
i'm not sure, but i've never had a problem with it
ok, so you're running unity?
you can use samba to share files between the two computers
i think you can just install the old gdm and then run'sudo apt-get install xsplash '
you need to enable the multiverse repo.
i know. i just dont know how to do it.
i'm burning a cd, and it's corrupt.
i'm not sure what you mean by `` low quality ''
you can also check the groups with groups - groups
you can use the nomodeset parameter at boot to get to the grub menu
i'm running it in vmware as a virtualization.
i'm not sure what x issue is.
i use unr on my aceraspireone.
i'm not sure if it's a bug, but it 'll be fixed in the next release
you can set the permissions of the symlink to 0644
i don't know, i've never used it
i'm not sure what you mean by `` ignore ''
please watch your language and topic to help keep this channel family friendly.
i dont know if its gui or gui
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to shred
it's a bit strange, i've never seen it work from a remote machine
i'm not sure, i've never used virtualbox
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's a bug
i'm not sure, i'm using gedit
i'm not sure what the problem is.
i'm not a ftp-master, i'm just a debian-legal user
aptitude is more secure, but it's not the same as aptitude
i am not sure what you mean by `` u ''
if you're worried about viruses, antivirus isn't needed.
if you want to use edubuntu, you can use grub.
i have tried that but it doesnt work
what does `` mount '' say?
find. -name `` dcc '' -print0 xargs -0 rm -r maybe?
you can install ubuntu minimal, but you will need to install the minimal package
i don't know, i'm not sure
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's possible
ok, i 'll try that. thanks
please watch your language and topic to help keep this channel family friendly.
because sudo is needed for root access
i have checked that, and have unmute it
i use ssh to connect to my desktop.. and then connect to the vncviewer server.. but thats not shareing the currently running desktop.
i don't know, i'm not a big fan of file managers
i tried to plug it in before unplugging the mouse
i'm not sure what the problem is, but i'm sure you can find out what it's doing by looking at dmesg
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a way to do it
i'm not sure what you mean by compile..
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's a freinds laptop
i tryed ever way and it stall cant find the path
you can use the make command to install the driver
you can do that by editing the.bashrc file
you can set fstab to mount readonly, but it's risky
ok - i'm going to stop talking to you now, bye i didn't ask it's colour i asked if it was your ipad - you can not answer me, so i have no interest in helping you
i'm not sure, but i've never had unity disown
i'm not sure, i'm using the default speaker
i'm not sure what you mean by `` possible ''.
you can try `` sudo apt-get install xine-extracodecs ''
i 'd suggest installing the latest from nvidia.com or wait until a package is ready
i don't think so, but i do nt think there is
i'm not sure, but i 'd bet it's a hardware issue.
i'm not angry, i'm just trying to get my window manager to work properly
i'm not sure what to do
i have a laptop with a intel gpu.. and i have to boot into failsafe mode
i'm not sure. i'm sure there are some applets for that.
i have a static ip, but i have not tried to use it
i'm not sure if you can mount the iso as a full time source, but i 'd guess you can.
i've tried everything. i've played a few videos with audio.
ok. well, i'm going to restart x ( again ) and see if that fixes it.
i don't know what he means by `` master boot sector ''
what does `` cat FILEPATH say?
you can upgrade to dapper if you want
you can upgrade to gutsy from feisty
i dont know what you mean by `` smaller windows ''
i'm not sure, i've never used it
i have a 1280x1024 resolution and it works fine
i'm not sure. i'm using a laptop. i don't have a tablet.
you need to install the driver for your wireless card
okadd this to your kernel line : i915.modeset=0
i'm not sure, but i 'd say you can install ubuntu-desktop
i'm not sure, i'm using the ati driver
gnome is the default desktop environment in karmic. for more information and troubleshooting on gnome please refer to URL
i don't know, sorry.
no idea. i don't use nmap
okay, i 'll try that. thanks
i'm not sure, i've never had this problem before
i'm not sure, i'm using lilo on a dual boot system
i'm not sure how to do that
i think you can use the `` FILEPATH start '' command
ok, i 'll try that. thx
i'm not sure, i'm afraid i don't know much about this
you can use the usb stick instead of live cd
you 'll need to install the nvidia-glx-new package
i don't know how to configure font
i tried that, and it didnt work
i have no entry for it. i have tried to manually add it.
i'm not sure, i've never used it
i'm trying to get my tv to work with my laptop
i'm not sure what to do.
i use do do, but i don't use azerty
i'm not sure, i've never used flashplayer
i'm using unity now, but i'm not sure if it's still the same
i'm using the radeon driver, but i'm not sure how to get it to work
ok what does iwconfig return now?
i'm not sure, i've never used it
i'm not sure what you mean by `` autoclean ''
i'm not going to tell you to use the desktop install, i'm telling you to install the server install
i'm not sure what you mean by `` sticky ''
i'm not sure, i've never used xchat
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to help you
you can use ctrlaltf1 to log in
i 'll try that. thanks.
i dont use compiz.. i use xfce.. and i dont like the effects.
i have a folder called `` FILEPATH
i'm not going to argue with you, but i'm going to read the gpl license for a better understanding
i think you can use icotool -x some.cur
i'm not sure what you mean by `` xorg ''
i'm not sure. i'm using compiz.
you can use it to control the x11 session
i'm not sure what you mean by shift EMOJI
what is the output of : lsb_release -sc
i get this error : error : FILEPATH cant access ttyjob `` after this line : sd 4:0:0 :0 attached scsi generic sg1 type 0
you can change the permissions of the folders by using `` sudo fdisk -l ''
because it's not a dmesg command, it 'll show the contents of the dmesgs.
i'm not sure backtrack is supported here
i'm not sure, but i'm pretty sure it was dpkg that did the job
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's possible
i'm not sure if it's possible to drop it completely
i'm not a gnome user, but i'm sure it's a good idea
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's possible
what does 'glxinfo grep opengl'give you?
ok, so you're not using edgy, and you've not installed the ntfs-3g driver?
i'm not sure, i'm pretty sure it doesn't
sudo cp FILEPATH FILEPATH sudo cp FILE FILEPATH
you can use the alternate cd to fix the problem
i've never gotten a broadcom car fully working at best
i'm not sure what you mean by bios thing
you can use the live-persis to install the full ubuntu
i'm not sure.. i'm afraid i don't know.. i do have a lock key.. but i do know that it's not a lock
you can tab complete the name of the person you are talking to by typing the first few letters of his name
you can use gedit to edit the file
i have no idea what that means
you can use sftp, but you need to be registered to use it
okay, now type `` xchat '' in a terminal
you can also use a live cd to do that
i don't know, i'm not sure
i'm not sure what you mean by `` it drops to low bitrate ''
i'm not sure why it can't see them.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a way to fix it
i have the same cpu here. this one doesnt
i'm not sure what you mean by `` test ''
i don't know, i've never used vsftpd
i'm not sure, i'm just curious
i'm not sure, i've never had any problems with it
i'm not sure what to do with that.
you can use the kernel from the ubuntu repositories
i'm not sure what you mean by `` not seeing you ''
i'm not sure what the problem is. i'm trying to figure out how to make the file system use gstreamer
you're not wrong, and it's not stupid
please don't flood, use URL to paste, do nt use enter as punctuation.
ok, so you have a sis graphics chip
you can try ctrl-alt-backspace to get a console login
you need to install php5-server, then php5
did you try to restart the sound?
i'm not sure what you mean by alias
i'm not sure what you mean by `` auto ''
you should be able to change to static with network manager gui
you can use the command `` apt-cache search libqt3-mt '' to search for libqt4-mt
i'm not sure if that's what you mean by `` look only for bugs with patches attached ''
you need to add the line to your.bashrc
you can also try to turn off the computer for a while and see if it's still running
what is the output of `` mount ''?
i'm not sure, i'm just a user
please don't flood, use URL to paste, do nt use enter as punctuation.
you're welcome, but please don't flood ; use URL to paste ; do n ; t use enter as punctuation.
you can use the bot to help you
i got i have edit the FILEPATH file to prevent the overwrite
i'm not sure. i'm using the graphical installer.
i dont think you can use the ppa repos.
i'm not sure what you mean by `` it's there ''
you need to make sure you have the right partition for windows
you can get a nice enough kde env under ubuntu
ok so you want to mount the whole drive?
i'm not sure what you mean by `` owned by uid 1000 ''
you need to add the line `` start on '' to the end of the file
you're not watching television, you're watching internet video, that happens to have also been shown on television at one time. it's entirely different. you may be able to use hulu through linux.
i've had flash running at 100 for a while now, but it's been a while since i've seen it.
u can use the repos from the opera website
i can not even boot into the livecd
you proberly want to move the folder to the destination folder.
i'm not sure if it's possible to bypass the blacklist, but i'm pretty sure it is
i'm trying to unmount the usb drive
i'm not sure what you mean by reinstall
you don't need the proprietary driver, you 'll get better results using the open source `` ati '' one altf2, then type gksu gedit FILEPATH
you can also use the alternate cd to install the kernel
i think you can use sensors to detect fan speeds
you can try running apt-get update and see if there are any processes using it.
i'm not sure. i'm using the same mirror as you.
i have a 4500 integrated graphics card
add a drawer then right click the drawer
i don't know, i do nt use gnome
you can use a router to forward ports
you can use the disk usage analyzer to see what is using the most space
please don't flood, use URL to paste, do n use enter as punctuation.
i'm not going to argue with you, i'm just trying to help you
i'm not sure if there is one because it doesn't look like win4lin is an open source product and this network is more geared towards open source projects
you shouldn't type the quotes ( `` )
i can, but i dont know how to do it.
he asked where to put it.
you can make a recovery disk of your actual ubuntu config
you can ask in ubuntu-offtopic, but i'm not sure if there is a place to ask
i'm not sure, i'm just curious
you can use the ip address of the machine you are connecting to
i'm not sure what you mean by `` point ''
i'm not sure, i'm using beryl
you can try altf2, but i don't know how to do that
what resolution do you want? what do you mean by `` 800 x 600 ''?
i'm not sure what you mean by `` exactly as it is '' EMOJI
you can use sudo to temporarily mount the harddisks
i dont know.. i dont use the installer
no, i mean recompiling the application with the debugging symbols.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's not going to be based on base-config
you can use tab for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
i'm not sure what happened, but i'm pretty sure it's a hardware issue.
i'm not sure how to get to console, but i'm sure you can get to the console and work from there
i'm not sure, i'm afraid i don't know.
i 'd imagine it would be pretty easy
please watch your language and topic to help keep this channel family friendly.
i am running it again to get the exact error
i'm not sure what the file format is, but i'm sure it's the same
i'm not sure what you mean by `` ready to use the linux ''
i'm not sure how to do that.
i'm not sure what you mean
you need to install the driver for your card
i'm not sure, i'm just curious
i have a terminal open, but it does not run
you can use the kernel from the repos
i have it in my home dir
i'm trying to install a package that matches my running kernel
you can use the tab key to autocomplete the names of the partitions.
you can delete the partition with the `` sudo fdisk -l '' command
i'm not sure if that's the same error you're getting
i'm not in maverick, i'm in kubuntu
the packages you install will be 32bit
but it's not going to be very useful
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there are
i'm not sure, but i've heard that the kernel does probe your system at boot, but it's not the case with the latest kernel
i have a laptop with a flat bottom, and i have a nice little laptop with an integrated webcam
i'm not sure, but i think it's probably a bug in the package
you can use sudo chown -r yourusername : yourusername
you can always try to reboot and see if it works
i 'd try xubuntu, but i'm not sure if it 'll work
i am not familiar with your problem
you can use unp to extract files
what does 'lsmod grep alsa'say?
i'm not sure what you mean by `` command line ''
you have to put the error in your master.cf
i'm not sure, i've never had that problem
i dont see a video flash in linux, but i do in windows. so that may be. 2 os both same issue, not sure.
you have to install the firefox-3.5 package
you need to enable the universe and multiverse repos
you can also run : sudo chroot FILEPATH
i'm going to try that, thanks
i'm using gmail chat, but i don't use gmail
i think it was in the past
you can use a web server to host webpages
i'm not sure what to google
for upgrading, see the instructions at URL - see also URL
i'm not interested in fixing things only for me, but a ) it's not paid work b ) most of the time it 'd be better to talk to the isp
you can use ssh-keygen to do that
what are you trying to acheive?
i 'll pull rosetta's strings from it once it's run
you're trying to ssh into the box?
wine can run windows, but it's not a native os
what is the error you get?
you are running apt-get with sudo??
i'm not sure what you mean by googleing
you can edit it with : sudo nano FILEPATH
i'm not sure what you mean by `` try it ''
i have a package called `` ubuntu-restricted-extras ''
i don't know, i do nt use ubuntu
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is
i think nm should stay the hell out of the way if ifupdown is managing an interface
because it's not stable enough for ubuntu
you can use the alternate cd to do that
i'm not sure, i'm just curious
i'm not sure, i'm just a bot, please don't think i've been intelligent enough to know
try removing splash and quiet from the kernel boot line
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there are some other ways to do it
i don't know, i'm not sure what you mean by add
i'm not sure, i've never used it
i'm not sure, but i've heard that it's a bad idea
i don't print a copy of the `` your firefox has been upgraded '' screen for my wall
i'm not sure how to do that.
i'm not sure, i've never used it
you can try to remove the duplicate entry
i'm not sure what to do with the 2.10 headers
i'm not sure, but i've heard that it's a good idea to use the debian repos
i'm not sure what that means
i'm not sure what you mean by error
i found it, but i dont know how to fix it
i'm not sure if it's a bug, but i'm sure it 'll be fixed soon
i'm not sure, i'm afraid i don't know how to do it
i have the volume control open but it doesnt work
i wouldn't think so, but i 'd probably just resize it
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it could be.
i think he is a businessman primarily ( and a good one ) he would do more if he was really 100 like he appears to be
i dont know what you mean by `` install ''
open new tab in firefox, clear the urlbar and write aboutEMOJIlugins
centos is based on red hat, which uses FILEPATH ubuntu is based of debian, which use FILEPATH
i would have to install a fresh intrepid or 9.04 upgrading from hardy to intrepids gave me a high cpu usage in rhythmbox
you can use the live cd to repair grub
i'm not sure, i'm using the same kernel as you
i 'll try that thanks for the help
i'm not sure.. i'm using the official skype repositories..
i'm not sure, i've never used it
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's a bug.
one-line upgrade : sudo sed -e 'FILEPATH -i FILEPATH sudo aptitude update sudo apt-get dist-upgrade
i tried that, and it didnt work either.
apt-cache search nutrition will tell you what you need
i'm not sure what you mean by `` chroot ''.
please don't flood, use URL to paste, do n use enter as punctuation.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is one
i have the repo enabled and i can not find it in the repos
i'm trying to get libpng3 to work with libpng2
i'm not. i'm just trying to get it to work.
i don't know, i'm not a gnome user
i have a bunch of files in FILEPATH
i'm not sure what you mean by 'crash '
i'm not sure how to do that
i'm not sure what you mean by `` lost grub after installing windows ''
you can use the sound daemon to do that
you can also try booting with the live cd and see if it works
you can also use the package manager to install it
you can install both at the same time, but it's not recommended
you need to edit your xorg.conf to change the horiz one
i'm not sure, i'm just curious
i am trying to install kubuntu-desktop, but it says it is not installed
i'm not sure, but i've been using ubuntu for a long time and i'm sure there's a lot of people who know about it
i'm not sure, i'm just a newbie
you can use virtualbox to install ubuntu to a usb.
what card is it again?
i'm not sure what you mean by `` select a different server ''
i'm not sure what you mean by `` don't do it ''
i'm not sure how to do that, i'm just trying to help him salvage any work before he tries anything else
i'm trying to open a file, but it doesn't work
i am using k3b, but can't find the option
i don't know, i've never used testdisk
i don't know. i've never had any problems with tv out.
i still need to get rid of a black frame border in that same script if you are insterested
i'm not sure.. i've never used xchat.. but i'm sure there are some other channels that do that.
i 'll try it out. thanks.
i'm not sure how to do that.
i'm not sure what you mean by `` broken packages ''.
i don't know - i'm not familiar with the kernel
i don't know what you mean
i'm not sure, but i've heard that cedega is better than wine.
i'm not sure what to do
wine is a compatibility layer for running windows programs on FILEPATH see URL for more information.
please don't flood, use URL to paste, do nt use enter as punctuation.
i'm not sure if transana has webcam support.
i don't know,,, i do nt think it's possible
you can try running gnome-language-selector in a terminal and set it to english
i'm not sure what you mean by `` some snd ''
i am not disputing that. what does it do? do we all contract aids and die?
i'm not sure what you mean by `` can't connect to irc with msn ''
i'm not sure if that's what you're looking for
i have a webcam from a company that uses a webcam..
i'm not sure of spaces, but i'm sure there are
i have dapper and edgy installed
i'm not sure what you mean by `` authority ''.
i'm not sure, i've never had a laptop that's been that slow.
you can remove icedtea manually, but you will have to reinstall it
i think it is 24 but i dont know
you can install it from the repos
because gnome 2 is no longer supported
you can also use the terminal to run commands
i think he is just trying to fix grub
i'm not sure, i'm using the default resizing
i'm not sure what you mean by `` no mixer options ''
you can change it in FILEPATH or FILEPATH
i'm not sure, i've never used it.
i got promot for sudo for other things but not for this
you can use unrar-free, but it can't handle rar 3.0
i am trying to connect to a lan modem. i am connected directly to a gateway adress.
i'm not sure, i'm afraid i've never used it.
i'm not sure, i've never used vmware before
you can set up a firewall, but it's not guaranteed to be secure.
i have never had this problem ever, i just did an edgy install, dapper was fine.
i'm not sure, but i 'd guess you could try using the `` glxinfo grep direct '' command
you can mount the partition in ubuntu and copy whatever files you need
i have the same problem with the nvidia drivers
you can share files over the network, but it's not really a matter of personal preference
i'm trying to make a class for a group of ips
you can add the line `` auto eth0 inet dhcp '' to FILEPATH
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there are guides on how to do it
you can also check the dns servers in the network manager
i'm not sure, but i'm sure someone else will.
i have used this for back up for ages its dated but still works and is in the repositories URL
you can use vi to edit the file
i'm not surei've tried alsa mixer, but it doesn't work
you can also use the terminal to type : sudo apt-get update
i'm not sure, but i think he's asking for java.
i'm not sure, i'm just curious
i'm not sure what to do with syslog
i'm not sure, i've never used it
i have feisty and i have the feistys dist
you can do that with a live cd
you need to learn how packaging works
you can also try to boot from the liveusb and verify the iso you transferred
you can get a hardware compatibility list
i'm not sure if dd will skip these sectors, but i'm sure it will.
i'm not going to be a troll, i'm just trying to help
you can use anjuta for a basic ide
you can also use the themes manager to install them
i'm not sure if it's going to be in hoary or not.
you can try to remove the xubuntu-desktop package and reinstall it
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's in the repos
i'm not sure if you can share your usb hdd in lan
i'm not sure, but i've heard that it's the safest and most secure windows ever
i'm not sure how to disable dri
i use a build of bmp called audacious, thought it possibile?
i'm not sure if it's possible to run games inside windows
i'm not sure what you mean by 'auto-mount '
i'm not sure what you mean by `` curse ''
i'm not sure, but i've never tried it
i'm not sure, i've never used it
i'm not sure what you're talking about
i think he wants to do that
i'm not sure what the whole story is, but i'm thinking of a server that can do that.
i'm using squid for the server, but i'm not sure how to use it
i'm looking for the file FILEPATH
you can use `` free -m '' to see how much memory you have
i'm not sure, i'm using a 32bit system
i'm not sure, but i've heard that it's possible to run wm with that much memory
i'm not sure, i've never used itunes
i'm not sure if you can do that, but i'm sure you can.
you can use a usb drive to install ubuntu to a vmware machine
you can see the 3d card in the section `` screen ''
it's not supported, it's just not supported
i'm not sure, but i'm pretty sure ext3 supports it
gt1 : kde, xfce are desktop environments which include window managers EMOJI
you can install the open source driver from the repositories
you can upgrade via terminal or do the boot cd
you need to be in the home directory
ok, so you're running 3.5.1, right?
you can ssh to the server and run the client program
i'm not sure, but i 'd use sftp -- just click places - connectg to server
i'm not sure what you mean by broken apt
no, you need to maintain, but you can do it yourself
i'm not sure what to tell you.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure that it's possible.
you can use export to export to a file, or export to an executable file.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there are some good books on ir
enlightenment is really minimalistic, great looking and highly configurable fluxbox is just minimalistic
you can use sudo to install programs as root.
i'm not sure what you mean by `` links ''
i want to remove abiword so i can replace it with a version that i'm gon na compile on my own
i don't know, i'm not a graphics expert
what does lsmod say? lsmod grep ndiswrapper
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there are some good docs on the web
you can use FILEPATH and swap for FILEPATH
i think it's supported by the kernel
i'm not sure, i've never used it
i'm not sure, i've never used it
i'm not sure what modo is, but i 'd imagine it would be a lot easier to use modo
i'm not sure, i'm on a laptop
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a way to get the new kernel from the repositories
you can use the 'id'command to set the root password
i'm not sure what to do now, i'm using the g15's
i've tried reinstalling all the alsa packages.
i mean, i'm getting total freezes about twice daily. and i can't think of any common elements
i think he is running 1 big desktop
i'm using the ivtv driver, works well with mplayer
i installed edm from the repository.
i don't know, i'm not a network admin
i'm not sure what he's thinking of.
please watch your language and topic to help keep this channel family friendly.
thanks, i 'll look into it
i'm not sure what the problem is. i'm sure you can try a different file.
i'm not sure what that wiki page says
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's a good sign
i'm using kde, but i'm not sure if it's already installed.
i 'll try that, thanks
thanks. i will look into it.
you can use the sendmail command line in windows
you can add the lines to your sources.list with'sudo apt-get update '
i don't think so - i do nt think it's run at boot
i tried with alsamixer and pulseaudio in a terminal
i have a proprioritary driver, but i cant connect wifi aps anymore
you can use the'side panel'to change the shortcuts
i'm not sure, but i've heard that they've been thinking about it
i'm not sure, i've never had a problem with my sound
i'm not sure, i've never used unzip
you 'd need to add the line to FILEPATH
i'm not sure, i've never used a dell server
i'm not sure what you mean by striping off the path.
i will try that.. brb
i'm not sure what you mean by offtopic.
you need to use math.h to make it work.
you need to mount it with the proper FILEPATH entry
you might have to download a proprietary driver for your board to use the graphics properly
you can not. there is no root account
i'm not sure what to do
you can use sudo to change the password, but you 'll have to use sudo passwd to change it
i'm not sure, but i've never had a problem with back-up
i don't know, i do nautilus
i'm not sure, i'm using alsa
i have a new xorg.conf, i have to edit it
i don't know, i'm not a cloop user
you need to edit the grub config file
you can use gparted to resize the partition, but it's not recommended
i'm not sure, i'm just going to do a clean install
i'm not sure, i've never used wine
run : wget URL sudo dpkg -i.FILEPATH sudo apt-get update
i tried that, and it doesnt work
philippic : i'm using the stock ubuntu kernel, you rolled your own?
grub2 is the default ubuntu boot manager in karmic. for more information and troubleshooting on grub2 please refer to URL
i'm not sure what you mean by `` pseudo package ''
you can try to boot into recovery mode and see if it works
you can install flash with `` sudo apt-get install flashplugin-nonfree ''
i think you need to do `` dpkg -c ''
i don't think you need to switch users
you need to compile it yourself, not compile it
i think the biggest thing that interests my family is the security i tell them aboutwindows
i'm not sure what the problem is. i'm using xfce4 and it's not working.
i'm not sure what you mean by `` personal use ''..
i'm not sure, i've never used it
i'm not sure if offlineimap is a good idea.
i have seen that on a debian-cd which is booting multi-arch
you 'll regret it, but you 'll get a better package
find. -name.mp3 -print0 xargs -0 mv FILEPATH
i'm not sure what you mean by hd audio
i'm not sure how to do that
i'm not sure, i've never used vim
i use html5 at youtube now.
i'm not sure what you mean by tab
you can use a torrent client to download torrents
because python is a scripting language, not a program
i would try burning another cd and seeing if the same thing happens. this time, reboot the computer, don
i dont think xen supports windows, i think xen is a good idea
i am not sure if it is related to the ati driversbut i am not familiar with the atis drivers
you can also type `` FILEPATH on type ''
i'm not sure, but i 'd try it.
i'm not sure, but i've never tried it.
i'm not sure, i've never used it
ok, so you have a file called printers.conf in FILEPATH
i'm not sure, i'm using xubuntu
i dont know as i dont suspend
i'm not sure how to do that..
i've registered long time ago, so if i join freenode, i automatically login as n8wulf
i'm not sure, i'm just a noob
it says, set - e, set-u, test -x FILEPATH exit 0
ok, so you have a grub menu, and you have lilo installed?
you can use any of the following : URL
i tried it and it does not work
i 'll update the bug report with the info. thanks for the help
you need to install hdparm to do that
i'm not sure, i'm running gutsy right now
i'm not sure, but i'm guessing that it's not mounted
i have a doc index in my home directory
i'm not sure what you mean by `` wearing it ''
i'm not sure, maybe you can try to find the differences in them. maybe try to use pulseaudio
ok i believe this is the link URL
you can install any version of ubuntu from the live cd.. if you want the latest
i'm not sure what you mean by `` output 21 ''
i don't know, i'm not a flash expert
what is the output of `` lspci grep -i network ''?
i'm not sure what to tell you, sorry
i'm not sure if it's a bug or not, but i'm sure it 'll be fixed in the next upload
you can install the desktop, but you will need to install the server edition
i'm not sure, but i've never tried it
i am a computer or human???
i'm not sure what to do.
i don't know, i'm not sure
i'm not sure what you mean by that. i'm using a wired connection, so i don't know what the problem is.
ok, so you have a sound card?
i'm using dapper, so i 'll try to install it
i'm not sure what you mean by `` tired ''
i'm not sure, i've never seen that
i'm not sure, i've never had any issues with ff
run, `` sudo losetup FILEPATH FILEPATH
thanks, i 'll check it out
i'm not sure how to do that
i'm not suggesting you install it.. just see what software they include
i'm not sure, i've never used it
you need to install it from the repositories
i wouldn't have any idea, but i am still quite new at many things, but after 20 years of using computers, i can translate most things into workable layterms
mdke : i'm not sure, i've never used the scrollkeeper package
you can use cups to connect to your printer
i'm not sure, but i think it's supposed to be
i'm using azureus, and i'm getting the speed out of it
i'm not sure, i'm using ubuntu on a p4 with 512mb ram
i have no clue.. works perfectly fine if i dont update.. been holding off update for the past 1 week.. finally decided that i shud..
i 'll file a bug. thanks.
what was wrong with using the hardware drivers manager in system - administration?
you 'll have to download the file from the internet
i'm not sure what you mean by `` system ''
i'm trying to install some new programs but keep coming up with an error URL
i'm trying to install mtn, but it doesn't work
you can use a bootable flash drive to fix grub
i'm not sure, but it's not that bad
yes, but it's not supported by ubuntu 8.10.
you can also add more virtual hosts to the host
ok i will try that now thanks
i 'll try that, ty
you would have to upgrade through 9.10. or clean install and put 10.04 on
you can use pastebin to paste stuff
i'm not sure, i've never used lp
i'm not sure, i've never had a problem with it
i think it will, but i don't know
ok what is the url it gave?
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's a bug
you 'll need to install it with synaptic
i have a backup of my data on a usb drive and i have a separate FILEPATH partition for FILEPATH
you can change the order in FILEPATH
ok, then go to system preferences sound
i'm not sure what you mean, but i'm sure you've done it
i think ext3 is a good choice for disk file formats
i did that, but it didn't work
i'm not familiar with clonezilla, but i 'll look into it
i'm going to bed now, thanks for the help
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to help someone else.
i'm using wpa_supplicant, but it doesn't work
i'm not sure if it's possible to do that.
because it's illegal in the us
i have a panel with maximum size, but it is not in use anymore.
you can use gnome-terminal to change the user's password
then you can go to system and administration
i'm not sure what the black screen value is.
i am not sure. i have never had a problem with automatix.
i'm not sure if it's a hardware issue, but i'm sure it 'll be fixed in the next few days
you can install the package from the repositories, but you need to install the software first
i'm not sure what you mean by mark
i think there used to be ubuntu-dev
i'm not sure what you mean by 'accident '
you are likely not a sudoer.
you can use scp to copy files
i'm not sure, i've never used it
you can use a pwd to protect the folders, but that's not the point of a pw.
i'm not sure what you mean by supported cams
you can use tab for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
i'm trying to boot from a usb stick, but i can't find the boot option.
what are you trying to do?
i'm not sure, but i 'd try to find a way to get it to run at a different port
i'm just doing the standard install from ubuntu 9.04 live cd
you can install ubuntu on public places
you can use the command `` man nopasswd '' to find out what the path is
i'm not sure what to tell you
what are you trying to do?
i'm not sure what you mean by `` common ''
i dont know, i dont use it
you can use dd if=FILEPATH of=FILEFILEPATH bs=512 count=1
run : wget URL sudo dpkg -i.FILEPATH sudo apt-get update
i'm not sure, i'm using a usb hub
i don't know, i'm not a mplayer user
you mean cube reflection and deformation?
you're using the wrong package name?
i'm not sure, i've never used ext3
i'm not sure what you mean by `` poor performance ''
okay, now do you have a line saying '..bashrc'or'source.bash rc '?
you can download the drivers from nvidia.com
what do you mean by `` stuck in the same problem ''?
i'm not a big fan of the FILEPATH
i'm using the i686 kernel, and i'm running the i386 kernel.
i 'll try that, thanks
i don't know, i do nt think you can.
i dont know, i dont use it much
you can make a boot floppy that will boot the linux system.
i'm not sure, i've never used vmware or qemu, is it easy and intuitive?
i'm not sure what to tell you.
i'm not sure what the green square means.
you can do that with a script that runs at startup
i'm not sure, but i'm sure he's already done that
i 'll try that, thanks
okay, try this : places-network
you can install lamp from the package manager
you can use vmware to do that
i'm not sure, but i've never had any problems with the nvidia drivers
i have been using it for a while now
i'm trying to get x to start, but it won't start
no, it won't, but it will change the permissions of the directory
you 'll get quicker responces if you use norton partition magic
you can try disabling the wireless card in bios.
i have a usb stick, but i want to install ubuntu 10.04 to a usb drive
i'm not new to linux, i just know how to use it
what is the error message? what is the output of `` cd FILEPATH
you can use the command line to open websites
i think sip is the standard, but i'm not sure
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a way to do it
because it's not a good idea to do that
what are you trying to install?
i'm not sure, i'm using a livecd
i'm not sure, but i've heard that vlc can play mp3s, but not mpeg's
i'm not sure what you mean by `` dandy ''
you can use the tab key for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
i'm not sure, but i've been using plymouth for a while now
i'm not sure, i've never used it
i can use the langmap just as language, but i can not use it as app command
you can see how alternate cd install look like at URL
i'm not sure. i've never used them.
i am using tar, but i am not sure if it will work
i'm not sure, i'm afraid i don't know
i'm not sure, i'm using the livecd
i'm not sure if it's a bug, but i'm sure it 'll be fixed in time.
grub is the default ubuntu boot manager. lost grub after installing windows : URL - making grub floppies other grub howtos : URL
i'm not sure if you can do that, but you can try it.
i'm not sure, i'm using the default kernel
i'm not sure how to do that.
i'm not sure what you mean by `` install fglrx ''
i'm not sure if it's a bug, but i'm sure it 'll be fixed soon
you can use the nvidia-glx package to enable hardware acceleration.
there are a few. but i dont know which one you want.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's a bug in the xorg.conf file
i'm not sure what you mean by `` no ''
you might try wine, but i don't know how to get it to work
i don't know then. that would be a question for nvidia.com.
i'm not sure what that means- i've never had a problem with ati cards
i'm not sure what you mean by `` prob with ''
i've used vnc for a while, but i've never had any problems with it
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's possible
ok, so you're not running off of a usb stick?
i 'd recommend xubuntu, but i'm not sure how much you 'll notice
i have a core 2 duo, and i can install ubuntu
i've been using the -11 kernel for a while now.
what is your problem? is your windows partition not mounting? are you still able to boot into windows?
i'm not sure, i've never used it
i'm not sure what to do about it
i 'll try that. thanks.
you can use compiz-fusion to set your desktop effects
ok, so you're not sure what's happening, but it's probably just a bad drive.
i'm not sure if it can only replace characters or even strings
i'm not sure, i've never used it
i have a router, and i can download from the internet twice as fast as i can from my ubuntu box
you can unplug it and unplug again
i'm not sure what you mean by `` xhost ``
you can use the sript command to create a bootable directory
you need to mount it with sudo mount -t nfs remotenode : FILEPATH FILEPATH
you can add them if you want
i'm not sure what you mean by `` i'm missing ''
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to make sure i have the right makefile
i belive it's something like ls -- color=off
i don't know, i do not use it
i think amarok can handle ipods
i think you can use the `` system mail name '' command
i think you mean ubuntu is the same as fedora
i'm not sure what the command to do that would be
you booted windows from grub, and then when you rebooted grub was gone? or something else?
i don't know, i'm not a flash expert.
i'm not sure what you 'd want to change in FILEPATH does he recall making any changes in FILE FILEPATH?
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a torrent client for rapidshare
you can use the alternate cd to install grub.
what do you want to do?
i 'd recommend you try 8.04 first, it's a bit faster
you should see a section with `` link encap : ethernet '' in it and an ip address on the line below
i'm not sure what to do now.
you 'll need to install the jre-6u [ 0-9 ] -linux-i586.bin
you can use sed to learn sed
i'm not sure, i'm using ubuntu 6.06 lts
i'm not sure what you mean by `` worked ''
okay, so you have a network manager installed.
i 'd check the fan and see if it's a problem with the fans
i have a 550 and it works fine
i'm not sure, i'm using kubuntu
you can install the package from the repos
you 'll learn how to use the os
i'm not sure what to do with it
i'm using vim-tiny, but i don't want to install x along with vim-gnome
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's possible.
i'm not sure what you mean by `` stay with linux ''
i'm not sure, i've never used it
you can use sudo fdisk -l to show the partition number
i'm not sure, i've never used unzip
i'm not sure, i'm using xgl and compiz on top of gnome - would that make a difference?
i'm not sure what you mean by `` properties launcher ''
i'm not sure what you mean. i'm afraid i can't help you further.
i'm trying to start screen from a screen session
i'm not sure if it's there, but i'm sure it 'll be in the repos
i'm not sure, i've never used it
i don't know, i do nt use it
i'm not sure what you mean by `` the last kernel available ''
i've had problems with 64bit apps in wine, but not with 32bit apps.
i'm planning to implement it for breezy
i'm trying to install 5.2.5, but i'm getting a 404 error
you can install kde-desktop and then use gnome-session-manager to expand the kde session
i'm not trying to be a dick, i'm just trying to help
i'm running it in a vm
if the router ip in FILEPATH?
i'm not sure what you mean by `` output ''
i've personally recovred overwritten data, but i've never had overwritten files
you can use system-preferences-volume-manager, but i don't know how
i'm not sure, but i've never had any problems with xfs
you can do that with apt-get remove -- purge wine
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there's a way to do it
if you have a bad partition table, you can try the gparted livecd
i'm not sure, i've never used it
i installed ccsm and enabled 3d cube from it but it does not work. other features of compiz do work
i have tried that. i haven't had any problems.
i'm not sure, i've never used it
i'm not sure, i've never used it
you can use the command `` sudo fdisk -l ''
you can increase ram with'sudo apt-get install xserver-xorg-video-intel '
you can set it to not pollute your system
i think it would be, but i don't know how
it says : install.txt : ascii english text, with overstriking
you can right click on the panel and get a new menu item
i haven't tried in terminal i don't understand top
you can use the arrow keys to move buttons
i'm not sure, i'm using ubuntu, and i've installed the ubuntu-desktop package.
please don't shout! we can read lowercase too.
you can use the terminal to run glxinfo grep direct
i'm trying to get my friend to connect to the internet via eth1, but i'm getting an error saying that the eth0 and ath1 are not configured correctly.
i am in the terminal, but i don't see anything about logging in as root
you can use the grub menu to select which partition to boot from
i'm not sure what to do
i'm not sure what tasksel is
i think you can use iwconfig to set the wep key
i'm not sure, i'm using vmware.
i think it would be better to use the -dev packages
i dont see it, im trying to install libstdc.so.5
64bit is faster, but it's still a bit more intensive
you might also need libxi-dev and libxrandr-dev
you can use the default ubuntu install
you can open a file manager, click a folder press `` ctrl-h '' to show hidden files. hidden files have a period at the beginning of their name
i'm not sure, but i've never used it
i'm not sure, i've never used telinit 3
you can use bash to run it
i'm not sure what you mean by `` third party ''
i think it is a bug, i 'll try to fix it
you can install ubuntu-desktop, but it's not going to install anything
i think davis is faster than concordia now i think everybody do.. it's a porting box concordias starts to slowdown on make -j200
i dont think there is a good 2 in 1 tool for linux.
i've been using ubuntu since about 3.5 days ago
i'm not sure, but i think he's talking about the `` sudo '' command
i'm not sure, i'm using ubuntu, but i 'll check
it's a server, not a desktop environment
i'm not sure, i've never used it.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's possible
you can use the breezy sources, but you will have to compile it yourself
i'm not sure, i'm on a server
you can install kubuntu-desktop if you want, but you 'll have to install kde-desktop first
please don't flood, use URL to paste, do nt use enter as punctuation.
what is the issue? coulg you repeat please?
type kdesudo nvidia-settings ( typo above )
i'm not sure what you mean by `` help ''
you can use vbox guest additions to get the resolution you want
you can also look at the output of `` sudo fdisk -l '' to see if it tells you what partitions are being used
aptitude is a bit more verbose, but it's still useful
i tried that, but it didn't work
i 'll try that. thanks.
what did you do to get this error message?
did you try to start the computer from the command line?
i'm not sure.. i've never used medibuntu.. i don't use it.. but i'm sure it's there somewhere
i'm not sure how to do that. i'm using allow-hotplug
i'm not sure. i'm on hardy.
i'm not sure what you mean by `` hal ''
i have the same problem. i have a similar problem with firefox fullscreen.
you can try to log out and back in
i'm not sure what to do with it
you can do `` sudo usermod -l newname ''
you are trying to open a wm?
i wouldn't upgrade to 12.04 unless you have a very customized desktop environment
you can use the terminal to do that
i am not a child i am just trying to help
if you have a switch to turn wireless and bluetooth on and off then you have it
yes, that's what i'm saying.
no, it won't create any errors
i'm not sure what that means
i'm going to do it tomorrow, but i'm not sure if i can do it today or tomorrow
i'm willing to pay alot of money to do it, but i'm not willing to save it all
if mplayer can play it, mencoder can convert it!
do you have a prompt and if so, can you become root?
i'm not sure if it's possible to do it in a virtual machine, but i'm sure it 'll work
it's a fault in the kernel.
you can also use the ubuntu forums for help with your windows problems
if you have the restricted drivers installed you can use the restricted driver manager to install the driver
i'm not sure if it's possible to do that, but i'm sure it 'd be possible
i'm not sure what you mean by chroot
it is about how man acts in their naturecreates civilization and so onand makes wars
yes, it's installed by default, but i'm not sure how to enable it in pidgin
i'm not sure, but i 'd go with the one that's easy
i dont understand. you have no effects enabled or changing it had no effect?
i tried nouveau, but it doesn't work
you shouldn't be running 1iric
i'm not sure, i've never used a winmodem.
i tried to run it with the command `` vmware-server-console '' but nothing came up
i don't care, do cat FILEPATH and tell me if it shoots stuff out or not
i'm not sure, i've never used it
i'm booting from the harddrive, and it says that there is no cd in the drive
ok. so you're on sda1?
i'm not sure what you mean by `` working out of the box ''.
you can use a floppy 8 to reinstall grub
you can use the synaptics touch pad to edit the config file.
you can also remove the us server from the'suggests'list.
please don't flood, use URL to paste, do nt use enter as punctuation.
i'm not sure, i've never used dd
i'm not sure if skype is available in the repos, but i'm sure it is
i'm trying to install 8.10 on my laptop
i'm not sure, but i'm sure he's using a router
i'm not sure how to do that, but i 'll try it
i'm not sure, i've never used vnc
i'm not sure, i'm using a livecd
i'm not sure, but i've heard that the nvidia driver is better than the ati driver
it does, but it's not recommended
you can set up a password for the samba share by using 'passwd -a '
you can use normal live cd to upgrade
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there's a way to get it to work
you can try renaming the.kde to something else
i'm not sure, i've never used nvidia
i'm not sure, i'm afraid
i have no idea.. i have never had any problems with the drivers
i'm not sure, i've never used it
i'm not sure, i've never used bumptop
then change the line that looks like this 'iface eth1 inet dhcp'to 'ifaces ath0 inet network '
ok so you are trying to get into a directory that is not root?
i've tried ccsm, but it doesn't seem to work.
you can use tab for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
i 'll do that, but i'm not sure how to do it in the current state
you can use irssi to connect to many servers at once
i'm not sure if it's a bug, but i 'd suspect it 'd be a package issue
i'm not sure, but i've never seen it before
i'm not sure how to do that, but i'm sure there is a way
i'm not sure, i've never used it
you can copy the files over, but u have to copy each file to windows
you can use'startup applications'to change the service name.
he could, but i'm not sure how he would do that.
i'm not sure, but i've heard that it's possible to disable it from running in the terminal
i know, but i want to learn how to use a gui
i'm sure i read all this from somewhere. the finnish-howto is nice. isn't there a german-how to?
you can use any ide program you want
i'm not sure how to do that.
i'm not sure, i've never used it
i'm not sure, but i 'd try xorg.conf
i don't know what you mean
it's not a problem, it's a problem that's just not a feature of wine
i'm not sure what you mean by `` subprocess post-installation script returned error exit status 20 ''
i'm downloading the packages now. thanks!
you can use openssl to generate certificates.
i'm not sure what you mean by `` join ''
i am only a bot, please don't think i'm intelligent EMOJI
i don't know, i've never used it
i use mplayer, but i have conflicts with flash players
you are trying to crack it?
i have a 64bit machine, and i have a 32bit machine
i would try to find the codecs for your movie and see if that helps
i'm not sure but if you get stupid packages like that it can help
ok, what is the name of the game?
it's not in the repos, it's in the ubuntu repositories
i don't have rename installed i have tried it already
ok, now click on the `` install '' button and click `` reload ''
i don't know, i'm not sure
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there's a ruby-lang package
i'm not sure what you mean by i386
open a terminal and type ifconfig ; what do you see ( all on one line, again, please )
you can also try to install the fglrx drivers from the ati site.
i dont know why its not in the repo
i'm not sure, i'm on a quad box
i'm not sure what you mean by routine mistakes
i'm not sure if you can do it with the old backup
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is
i tried that but nothing happened.
please don't flood, use URL to paste, do nt use enter as punctuation.
i don't think so. i do nix, but i do run bitchx on my web server.
you can try doing an update and upgrade now.
i'm using the nvidia driver from the restricted drivers manager
i'm not sure what to tell you.
i'm not sure if there is a way to do that, but i'm sure there is
i think you can do it with gparted
i'm using a non-default way to manage user accounts.
i 'll try that, thanks
i'm not sure what to do now
i'm not sure, but i've never had to do that.
i'm not sure, but i 'd say vmware player is better
you can connect to any irc server with the `` default irc '' command
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to make a keypair with ssh-agent
i'm not sure, but i think it's a known issue
i'm not sure, i'm just curious
i'm not sure if there is a fan for that
what happens when you press the preview button?
i'm not sure what you mean by `` stay with f-spot ''.
you can also check the device label in the bios
i'm not sure if it's in the repos, but i've heard it works with my ipod
i have a firewall on my lan.
i have a cdma device. its used to connect to internet by using cdma. i forgot the exact name of tech
i'm not sure how to do that
you 'll need to install it via the live cd
you need to allow connections on loopback and you need to enable the connection you establish,, then you needto allow your service ports, then
you're using the iwconfig module?
i'm not sure, but i 'd imagine it would be a lot easier to just install the latest version of ubuntu
i'm not sure what you mean by 'root '
i don't know, i do nt use gnome.
i'm not sure what you mean by `` install drivers ''.. is that broadcom wireless by any chance?
please don't flood, use URL to paste, do nt use enter as punctuation.
you're on a computer. you can search your own documents. EMOJI
i 'll try that. thanks for the help
you could try to install the packages from the ubuntu repositories.
i dont know, i dont use gnome
i'm not sure, i've never used it
you can use the encrypted home directory feature in the package manager
you could also use autofs to make it mount automatically.
i am not sure, but i think it is a problem with the firefox package
ok now u need to restart the nfs server sudo FILEPATH restart
i'm using kde, and i'm not sure how to change it
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it will.
you typed `` sudo make install ''
i'm not sure if it's urgent, but i'm sure it 'll be in the release team
i don't know, i've never used vmware player
i'm trying to recover my data files.
i've got a few other things to do, but i'm happy to do it
you can use the command `` record '' to record the input of the keyboard speakers.
you can install the 64bit version of ubuntu
you can change the symlink in FILEPATH
i dont know what to tell you
i want to connect to my server from my desktop
ok.. so you have a live cd?
i am trying to make an encrypted password
i'm not sure what to do next, but i 'll try and find out. thanks
you can use tab for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
ok, so you're up to date.
i dont think it is supported anymore
i'm not sure what you mean by `` grep ''
i'm not trolling, i'm just trying to help.
please don't flood, use URL to paste, do ntfs-3g or something like that
i have to do anything besides what your telling me?
you can upgrade to 7.0 if you want
you can use a livecd to install ubuntu on a usb stick
i'm using the breezy kernel, but it's not working
i'm not sure how to do that
you can use nano to edit a file
i would suggest using 11.04 for a desktop environment.
i'm not sure what kioslaves are. i've used them for a while and they're pretty good.
i think there are about 13 levels
i think it's a command line option
i've tried that but it doesn't work
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there are some methods.
ok, so you're trying to search for xchat?
you can use apt-get to install gpdf
i am not sure if there is a ppa for it
i dont know, i dont use claws
they're not making the same software, they're just trying to make it work
i'm not sure what the problem is - i'm using a usb drive
i'm not sure, but i'm pretty sure that the alpha1 is the toolchain.
i am trying to load my sound card
you can use the ipod-navigator applet to navigate to the ipods.
i'm not sure what you mean
i'm not sure, i'm using a ssh server
you can also use aptoncd to get a list of installed packages
if you are using gnome, this command in your terminal ps axegrep `` metacitycompiz ''
i'm not sure, i've never had a prob with mplayer, you might like it better
i'm not sure how to do that, i'm trying to do it in a console
i can't make head nor tail of it.
you are not in the correct language.
i'm not sure, i've never seen that before
i'm not sure what to tell you
i'm not sure, i've never used it
i have had issues with nouvoue, but not with offical nvidia driver..
ok, so you have a slave drive?
you can use'mv'to do that
i'm not sure if you can get to the forums, but i'm sure you can find someone who can help you
i'm not sure what you mean by console solutions
what error do you get when trying to mount?
i'm not sure, but i 'd try it.
i'm not sure, but i've heard that kubuntu can run all that windows runs
ok, then you need to run the command again
i'm not sure what you mean by `` wrong password ''
you can use FILEPATH to redirect mail to root
i'm not sure if it's in the repos yet, but i'm sure it 'll be in the archive
ok, so you're using alsa-base, right?
ok, now, open gnome-theme-manager and go to the icons tab and they should be available to choose.
i'm not sure, i've never used it
i'm not sure what you mean by `` lanning ''.
i'm not sure, i'm afraid i don't know
i'm just trying to get my feet wet
you can also check the ide jumpers - they are not ide
you need to add the repos to your sources list
apt-get update will pull in new kernel versions
i'm not sure what you mean by `` optimized ''
you can use gparted to delete windows 2000, but you need to use sudo
you need to set it on the xp machine not the linux one
i'm not sure what you mean by `` xorg.conf ''
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a wiki on it
i have not tried it in win.
it will install the files in the right place
aidenxi - thanks for the help, i 'll be back tomorrow
i'm using the restricted drivers, and the output is probably 1600x1200
you can install both on the same partition
you can use wmv to stream wm to a different program
i'm not sure what you mean by `` nvidia ''
i think its ctrlo or w the mean ctrl button
i dont know, i dont use headless
i do not understand how you don't have a FILEPATH for xorg
you need to edit the xorg.conf file to have 1280x800
i don't know, i'm not a fluxbox user
i always selected the last file first.
you can install the package from synaptic
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's possible
i'm not sure, i've never used devilspie
i 'll file a bug, thanks
i'm not sure what you mean by terminal fb support
i think so, but i'm not sure
i'm not sure, i'm using the same interface as mine and it's working fine
i'm not sure, i'm on a 686 smp system
i have a usb webcam, but i dont have internet for that box to do it that way
it's case sensitive, but it's not a bug
ok, so, you are only able to boot to single user mode?
i'm not sure, but i've never had any problems with ram
i have a sound card that i can use to play mp3s, but i have to use audigy to play them
ok, than, than type firefox and hit enter
it's a script that runs on the screenlets menu, you can extract it from there using this command : python home.FILEPATH
i'm not sure what you mean by `` all with a different cpu ''
i'm not sure, i've never used parted
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there are some good guides on the net
i'm not sure, i'm using firefox right now
i'm not sure what to do with it, i'm using eclipse
you can try to install it manually
what are you trying to do?
what graphics card do you have?
you can use a live cd to do this
i am using amarok, but i am not sure how to use it
you can use the mount command to mount an iso image
i'm not sure, i've never stripped
i have a pentium 4, it works fine
i'm not sure, i'm afraid i don't know
i use synce and multisync, but i use synaptics
i'm not sure, i've never used it
you're married, and you're getting married.
i'm not sure, i've never seen it before
i want to know what packages are needed for gnome. i already installed : gnome-desktop-environment, x-window-system, gdm xserver-xorg
you can burn a cd iso in a dvd just fine
if you know the name of the process then killall will work
i'm using xine, but i'm not sure how to use it.
please don't flood, use URL to paste, do nt use enter as punctuation.
i don't know. i do nt know.
no, they are the same hostname
you can kill them with ps ax
i'm not sure, i've never used dell laptops
you can install a new version of ubuntru?
i am still on -12 kernel which seems odd
i'm not sure, but i'm sure he's got it working
i think it's a good one
i'm not sure what you mean by `` 20 gb ''
i have a sound card, but i cant get it to work
you can install flash and java from the repositories
you can also use the backports tab in the menu
i'm not sure, i've never used it
i'm not sure, but i'm guessing hoary will detect it
what is the device name of the usb?
you can add a folder to the panel
i 'll do it in a bit
i'm not sure, but i 'll try to get it fixed in jaunty.
i'm trying to install it now, but i can't find it
i'm not sure what that means. i'm running a very processor intensive program i wrote in c, and it says `` killed '' after some time running
i don't know, i do nt know how to do it
i'm not sure if adt-run ( 1 ) will work for you, but i'm sure it will
you can copy the 512byte of the drive to sda, then delete the partions you want, then create a new partition
what's the output from cat FILEPATH
you can do it from the command line, but you 'll have to do it manually.
i'm not sure, i've never used it
i'm not sure how to do that
i'm not sure what that means
i'm not sure what you're talking about.
i've never set it though
you can open it from anywhere.
you can use sudo to get root access
you can use the -k option to kill pulseaudio
you can connect to port 22 using putty ( windows ) or run : ssh userserver in linux
i have tried vlc, but it does not work.
you can use the system administration printing service to find the ip address of the printer
you can also use swat to connect to swat
you can use apt-cache policy to tell it to ignore linux-headers and linux-image
i'm not a professional, i'm just trying to help
no, you don't need to set yourself as root
you can add back the kontact package
i'm not sure what to do with that
what kind of webcam do you have?
i'm not sure what the problem was. i'm in scientific now.
you can use the system-preferences-appearance-properties to enable the effects you want
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's possible
you need to install the package.
ok, now you need to copy the files from the.deb to your ubuntu computer
you can use the benchmark app in the repos
i'm not sure, but i 'd check if its doable with that card, URL
you can use the terminal to run it.
i'm not sure, i've never used x forwarding
i 'll post it somewhere, thanks
i think you can use fat32 to write to ntfs
i'm not sure. i've never had any problems with vlc.
i dont think its gon na be stable yet
i have read the wiki and i have done that but i have not done it yet
i'm not sure, i've never had any problems with network problems
you can change the fstab file in FILEPATH
you can always try the alternate cd
i'm not sure, but i 'd say it's the most productive
you can do it in gdm, if you're running that
i have the latest kernel - i just need to get the latest xkb
i'm not sure how to do that, but i'm sure there is a way
i'm not sure what you mean by `` manually install ''
i am trying to find out why it is not listed in the repositories.
please don't flood, use URL to paste, do nt use enter as punctuation.
i don't know. i'm not sure. i do nt think it's a hardware problem.
i'm not sure, i'm using ubuntu 10.04
i'm not sure, but i think there is a way to do it
i'm not sure if it's a bug, but i 'd check the ppa
you can use the one from the repos
i'm not sure. i've never used kde.
i'm not sure, but i 'd try the command line
i want to rip dvd's from a dvd, not rip from a cd
i'm not sure what you mean by `` a host ''
i'm not sure what that means.
i'm not sure if sync is possible in wine, but i'm sure it can be done in windows
i'm not sure what you mean by `` FILEPATH
i'm not sure, i've never used a sound card.
i'm not sure, i'm just a bot
it's owner. you can change it to whatever you want.
i'm not sure, i'm using the same kernel
i 'll send you a mail with the code for that
you can use gparted to format the drive
i'm not sure what you mean by tweaking
i'm using beryl, but i don't have beryl
i'm getting the same error. here it is : URL
i'm not sure, i'm using the ubuntu version
ok. try to disable acpi in the bios.
i'm not sure, i've used tulip before, but i'm still clueless
you can install the drivers from the restricted repos
what do you see when you view the disc contents?
i'm not sure how to do that, but i'm sure there's a way
please don't flood, use URL to paste, do nt use enter as punctuation.
i'm trying to connect to a server
you can use the tab key to autocomplete nicknames
i have the restricted drivers installed and i have the desktop effects disabled
you can also use the `` sudo dhclient eth1 '' command to set up a static ip.
i'm not sure, i've never used it
i'm not sure if you're talking about the g4 or the g5
i'm not sure what you mean by bind
what is the output of : lsb_release -sc
i don't know, i'm not a sound expert
i'm not sure what you mean by upnp
i don't know, i do nt know how to do it
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's possible
you can, but it's not a cross grade
you can use nstat to scan your ports.
you can use the `` autologin '' option in gconf
i'm not sure if it's possible to do it, but i'm sure it 'll be done.
i'm not sure what you mean by `` manual ''
i'm not sure what you mean by `` freezes ''
i'm not sure what you mean by `` normal ''
i'm not sure what you mean by `` install ''
i don't know what you mean by export -p
i think you can use systemsettings-daemon to set removable drives
i'm not sure what you mean by `` cal command ''
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's a problem
you can use sudo to get root access
no, you need to know how to use them.
you can also try reinstalling mplayer with sudo apt-get install mplayer
i'm not sure what that means.
you can use gconf-editor to edit it
you can set the transparency in the window manager, but i don't know how
you can use the burn command in the terminal
i'm not sure, i've never used it
i'm not sure. i'm using the restricted driver.
i'm not sure, but i think it's possible
i'm not sure if you're talking about the cd's, but i'm sure there are some people who do
try running dpkg-reconfigure from the command line
i'm not sure what you mean
i'm not sure what you mean by `` nvidia ''
ok then try burning at a low speed
i'm not sure. i'm just a bot EMOJI
i'm sorry, it's ctrl-a? ( i copied the wrong info )
you can mount it with `` sudo mount -t ntfs FILEPATH FILEPATH
i've been there but can not find anything about scroll speed
you can also check the md5sum of the iso you downloaded
you can always do a clean install, but i'm not sure how to do it in ubuntu
i can't do apt-get dist-upgrade because internet is down on that pc
i think it is the intel driver
i'm not sure what to do with it.
i 'll try that, thanks
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it does.
you can use xchat-gnome to use it
i wouldnt worry about it. i would just backup my home directory and anything else that might be important.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a way to do it
i've installed git.. how do i install my patch using it?
because it's not supported for 5 years
i'm not sure, but i 'd check the ubuntu forums
i'm not sure what you mean by reset.
i don't know, i'm not sure
what is the output of : lsb_release -sc
i'm not sure, i'm just guessing
i don't know how to compile mplayer from source
i'm not sure what you mean
okay, so they are installed.
i'm not sure what that means. i'm using gnome, and i've installed it through synaptic.
i'm not sure, i've never used mint
you can also use history to see what you've used
i'm not sure, but i 'd imagine that if you had a live version of linux on your usb drive, and ran that before windows started, would it log that the usb drive was loaded?
you can also do a source FILEPATH ( no need top restart )
i think you need to add it to your sources.list
i'm not sure, i've never used evolution
you can use this package to install the driver for your card URL
right click the panel and click properties
you can use tab completion to complete the completion of a command
pastebin the output of sudo apt-get update, and your sources.list
thanks. i 'll try that.
i got this error : FILEPATH xserver.xorg is not installed
i'm not sure what the problem is.
i 'd say you should buy a cheap computer
i think you can check the cd for errors
i am not sure what to do
i'm not sure, i'm using the default ubuntu install
i'm not sure, i've never used bittorrent
i'm not sure, i'm guessing it's a sis card.
i'm not sure, but you can use! tell zekel about dma
you can run it in windows, but you need to install the wine-server package
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to get it to work
ok, then you should be able to drag the desktop.
you can use wget to download the files
i'm not sure what to do with that
i'm trying to delete a folder in my home directory
you can run gparted from the livecd.
you could try to copy the old drive over to the new one and then boot from the new drive
ok, so you have a partition number?
you can install xfce from the command line
you can use the command line to update firefox
i don't know. i do nt think it is possible.
i'm trying to install a library, but it doesn't work
i think you need to install the mplayer plugin
you can use the imaging library for imaging
i have set everything to alsa and tried other combinations. none of them are correct up
i'm not sure what conflicts are for. i'm just trying to keep up to date.
sudo apt-get install checkinstall will remove the dependencies
i've tried that, but it doesn't work
i'm not sure what that means
i'm not sure what to do
you need to restart your computer
i think you can do it with the command `` sudo dhclient eth0 ''
you can copy the files to the folder you want to copy to
i'm not sure, i'm sure it was a buildd skew
i'm not sure if you can get it to work with the new kernel
please don't flood, use URL to paste, do nt use enter as punctuation.
i'm not sure what you mean by `` i am only a bot ''
i'm not sure, i'm using aticonfig -- initial
you can get the latest version from the opera website.
i think you can do it with the gconf-editor
i'm not sure, i've never used sudo
you can use bitchx or irssi.
if you have a separate partition for FILEPATH then you can use the free space to resize the partitions
i'm not sure what you mean by storage size
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's already.
i'm not sure what you mean by reboot
i'm not sure what you mean by 'all my upgrades from the internet '.
i am trying to download the tar.gz file.
you can use sudo to remove the root account.
i'm not sure, i've never used su
i'm not sure, i'm using the same laptop as you
you can use the alternate installer to encrypt the partition
i'm not sure, i've never used emacs
i'm not sure if it's ready yet, but i 'll look at it
i'm running the update as root
i'm not sure if 9.10 will work properly for you, but it's not a bad idea to do so
i'm not sure what's causing the problem, but i'm sure it's a bug in libnet-dns-perl
you can also use the alternate cd, it's text based less problematic in some case, you cna get it via cd, or for an `` expert '' mode install
please try to keep your FILEPATH on one line - don't use the `` enter '' key as punctuation!
no problem, glad you got it sorted out.
i'm not sure, is it larger than a breadbox? EMOJI
i don't use empathy, i just use it for testing purposes.
i think that might have some command line arguments that let you add keyboard shortcuts.
i have 256 mb, but when i went to msinfo32 on windows, it said i had 512 o.o i have never upgraded ram
i'm not sure, i'm on the other computer right now
i use the flash from the package manager.
i'm not sure, i'm using 3.4
i think we are having a loss in communication
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there are others who have
i'm not sure what you mean by proprietary
i'm not sure, i've never used it
i'm not sure what the menuaccessories are. i'm using gnome-terminal -- zoom=0.8
i'm not sure, i've never used opencv.
what are you trying to do?
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that meta-package is a dummy package, which is a meta-packaged package which contains the latest packages
you need to do `` sudo su ''
you can try running `` sudo apt-get install ubuntu-desktop ''
i'm not sure, i've never used it
you can boot from a cd, but you need to edit the bios
i'm going to be fixing this for you.
you have more than 1028bytes on one of your sectors iirc
ok, so you're getting a 91.x ip address
i think it's 12 months support, but i'm not sure
you can also use the ssh command from the desktop and set up the proxy in firefox on the laptop
i am using win8 os and i am using ubuntu 8 os
i'm not sure what you mean by `` run them ''
you can use the mirrors in your sources.list
i c irq conflict it seems.
i 'd use virtualbox, but i'm not sure if it's worth the hassle
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that it would be nice if you first make sure that the patch will get in 7.0.3
i'm not sure, i've never used it
did you get an error when you started up after the power failure?
i'm not sure what to do with it
i'm not sure if it's broken in ubuntus bugzilla
i don't know, but i'm sure there is
i'm running 23.1.1, so i'm not sure how to fix it
i have tried several readers, and it doesn't work
you can use a program called `` logfile '' to analyze the log files
i'm trying to copy files between my ntfs partition and my ext3 partition
i have used proposed repos before, but i don't use any kde apps
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to get the trace to work
i'm not sure, i'm using jre
i'm not sure, but i've never seen that chip before
lotuspsychje : i'm not sure what to do with compiz crashing
i'm not sure what you mean by `` waiting for root file system ''
i have read it, but i don't know how to do it
ok, then `` sudo apt-get install libdvdcss2 ''
ok, so you have a terminal window open?
you can use -r to get a root shell.
i think you need to add the.xinitrc to your mplayer.conf
evolution is a good choice, it will do the job
you can also try to install the restricted drivers
i have a second computer i can use
i'm not sure if it's supported by ubuntu, but it 'd be worth a shot
you can use the remote desktop program to connect to your windows machine
you can use sudo to change the root password
i'm not sure how to change it
i don't know..i've never used xfce
i'm not sure what you mean by extended desktop
you can use `` lspci '' to show the device name
i have a script here that used to work on previous version of ubuntu, but now i set it to ext4 and made a FILEPATH partition separate
i'm not sure, i'm just curious
you could try using firefox as a web address
i'm not sure what to do now
ok, so you're running the game now, right?
i'm not sure. i'm afraid i don't know.
i'm not sure what you mean by `` chroot ''.
i'm not sure what you mean by reinstall
i dont know. i dont use gnome.
you can use the terminal to run vim
i think you can use the 64bit version of ubuntu
you don't need to run as root.
yes, you can enable it in your bios.
i 'll upload it to you in a few minutes
if you log on as a different user, is it the same?
i don't know. i've never used devilspie.
you need to install the fglrx-install package
you can use the `` ppa '' command to get the key.
i have a broadcom card and it works fine
it's not a tool in windows
please don't flood, use URL to paste, do n use enter as punctuation.
i've heard that too, but i've never had a problem with it
i'm not sure what to do now
you can check the logfiles, but i don't know how
you can also use : sudo ln -s which mousepad FILEPATH
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's a driver issue.
i use qq, but i dont know how to use itunes
i'm not sure what happened.
i'm not sure, but i 'd think it's a bug in the fontconfig package
if it randomly goes on and off it may be another process using it or bad connection or bad cables
you can use sudo to remove the user from the admin group
i don't know, i do nt use it
you can delete ranges with `` rm file00i ''
you can use the synaptics package manager to install the drivers for your card
you can use gparted to resize the ntfs partition
ok, so you have a card that is detected.
i read the topic, but i don't see any mention of sabayon in the topic
please don't flood, use URL to paste, do nt use enter as punctuation.
ok, so you don't want to change your ntfs partitions?
i have been using it for a while now, but i have not had any problems with it
you're using which version of ubuntu?
i am not sure if you are aware of the wiki
i'm not sure what you mean
i'm trying to get it to work with my laptop
you can use parted to remove the partition
please pastebin your lsusb, the camera might have enother name
you need to use a proxy server to connect to evolution
i haven't played enemy territory on kubuntu
i have tried vlc and totem, but neither work
i'm not sure, but i think it's possible
i'm not sure what you mean by `` wireless '', but i'm sure you can find some pointers on the wiki.
i have now posted cups str 2722
i think i found it, thanks
i have nvidia 96 drivers, but i haven't changed it
i think it will be a lot easier to ignore it
i'm not sure if you can get the nvidia driver from the nouveau site, but i'm sure you can
i'm not sure what the defragmentation analysis says.
you need to run xfix first, then run xorg-driver-fglrx
you can try booting from a live cd and then pressing tab
i'm not sure, i've never used it
you can try asking in debian-offtopic, but i'm not sure if they know
i 'll do it in the meta upload.
i'm not sure what you mean by `` waiting ''
i'm not sure what you mean by `` drawers ''
i'm on the other monitor and i can't install anything cos my windows are in way i ca't move them
you can get the official ubuntu repos for free
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there's a script that does it
ok, so you have a file called `` FILEPATH
i have to change the start flag in the start script
you can also use the conky homepage to find out how to configure conky
i'm not sure what the file is called
i've never done it, but i'm sure it will work
i'm not sure what you mean by `` epson device ''
i'm not sure if it's a modemrouter, but i'm sure it is.
i'm not sure. i've never used it.
you can use the theme engine to install the theme
i'm not sure, but i 'd go for 32bit
i tried vlc but it does not work
you need to mount the share from the windows box
i'm not sure, i'm using the livecd
i'm not sure. i'm pretty sure you can install the driver from the restricted drivers manager.
you can upgrade from 6.06.1 to 6.10.1
i do not think ufw will stay on here, but it is logging.
you can use the command line to install a wm
i'm not sure what you mean by `` not all hardware ''
checkinstall will make a.deb file for you
i'm not sure, i've never used it
you need to dd the device file, not the mount point
i'm not sure what he means by `` which client ''
i'm not sure, i've never used ext4
alethes : i'm not sure what you mean by blocked updates, but i've heard that there's a newer version on sourceforge
i think clamav is the best for linux
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there's a way to do it without having to do anything special
you can use the command `` sudo apt-get install fontfonts ''
you need to register with freenode first
i'm not sure on that, i havn't even worked out why cmake needs it
i'm not sure if it's possible to recover a data partition from a partition that has been unmounted
i dont know, i just installed it and it works
you can use the command `` sudo apt-get install anjuta ''
i don't use katapult, but i do nt think it's a kde app
i'm not sure if you can use the intel drivers for your netbook, but i 'd try the nvidia ones
i'm using the intel driver.. it's working fine
i deleted the 3rd and installed the 4th
you can set horizontal to 4, vertical to 1, and horizontal to 1
you can use the grub command to restore grub to mbr
i'm not sure, but i 'd guess it's a bit overkill.
i'm not sure what you mean by that
you can use a live cd to backup the data
what version of kubuntu do you use?
i'm not talking about the `` bad guys '', i'm talking about people who are not in the `` security '' group
i think it's a bug in the nvidia driver.
i'm not sure what you mean by `` unix time ''.
ok, so you have a wired connection, and you have an ethernet cable?
i have i386 installed, but i have amd64
you can use the command `` sudo blkid '' to see the drive
it says : `` error while processing FILEPATH
i'm not sure, i'm afraid
i'm not sure what you mean by `` new ''
i'm trying to install kubuntu-desktop.
i'm not sure, i've never used it
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there are ways to do it
i'm not a big fan of clubs, but i'm sure they 'll be around in a few years.
i'm not sure what you mean by 30 '' monitor
i don't know what cron is
i'm not sure what you mean by `` excuse me ''
i have a partition on the drive, i want to format it
ok, what happens now when you try to start firefox?
i'm not sure, i've never used it
i'm not sure, i'm using ntfs-3g
i think she's going to have to install xp on a partition that already houses ubuntu
i don't know, i've never used it.
you need to change the ownership of the files in FILEPATH
you can use adept to install the package
you can make a usb stick with ubuntu
i have done that, but i still get the same error
you can use synaptic to download source
i'm using the minimal install cd
you can do netboot pxe booting just read the message from ubuntu
i would go ahead and resize it in windows and choose the free space option in the ubuntu installer
you can use the command line to install ftp
you need to install the nvidia-glx-new package
i dont know. i dont use it.
i'm not sure what you mean by `` tab completion ''
you can re-lock it, sudo passwd -l root
you can also try the wine application
i don't know, i have never used it
i have mplayer -playlist url on the commandline
i'm not sure if you're aware of that, but i'm sure we 'll update them again in the rc
i'm not sure, i've never used tightvnc
you need to install the driver for your wireless card
you can use a program called `` sniff '' to sniff the filesystem
i think its the ipod connected to the computer
i'm trying to mute the mic
i'm not sure what to tell you. i'm sure you can figure it out.
i'm not sure what that means
i'm not familiar with pdnsd. your best sources of information are probably man pdnd and looking in FILEPATH
i am not sure what to do
you can add it to the places side panel
ok, so you're trying to get the interfaces file back?
because it's not supported here.
i'm not sure what you mean by `` get ready ''
i know, but i dont know how to help him
i'm not sure. i'm afraid i don't know.
vmw is supposed to run anything that the host os will.
i'm not sure what typo3 is.
i'm not sure, i'm using the unreal tournament cd
i'm not sure what mailody is
i'm not sure what you mean by `` listen socket ''
i'm not sure what you mean by `` rock-1 ''
you can use a boot loader to fix the master boot record
you can use sudo to change directories and then return to your regular shell, unchanged
i'm not sure what to do now
i'm not sure. i'm using it right now.
you can use the medibuntu repo to get the medi-package
you can share folders in the guest config, but you need to set the dns ip in the virtualbox config
i don't know. i'm not a sftp expert. i just know that sftpd is a good way to go
i'm trying to cd to program files
i'm not sure, i've never used it
you need to install the package you were trying to install
i don't know much about rdp, but i 'd say you need to get a windows server and rdp client
i'm not sure what you mean by `` less passwords ''.
i'm not sure what happened. i'm using dapper, and it's working fine.
i'm not sure what you mean by `` connect to server ''
you can do a clean install of 11.04
sudo su will give you root privileges, and you can use'sudo su'to get started
i'm not sure, i've never used sshfs
i did not remove pulseaudio, i just installed it
i would recommend you to use python-support from karmic
you can use the command line to change the bit rate
i have a full install of ubuntu
i'm not sure if they have a local box, but i 'd imagine they would.
what is the output of'ssh -vv '?
i'm not sure, i've never used it
i'm not sure what you mean by `` new user ''
i'm not sure, i'm just curious if mesa is in the repos
you need to add the repos to your sources.list
i'm not sure, i've never used kde4
i'm not sure what you mean by misleading
for information about installing ubuntu from usb flash drives, see URL - for a persistent live usb install, see : URL
i am not trying to be mean, i want to help you ask better questions so you get better results EMOJI
i'm on a laptop, and i'm trying to get it to work
you can make a usb creator from the cd
i think there is a gtkpod package
you need to enable it in the bios.
i've never used it, but i've heard it is good
i'm not familiar. what is and where do i get it?
i'm not sure, i'm just guessing
you can also install the package `` azureus ''
i'm not sure what you mean by `` mv foof -r ''
i've tried it out and it works!
i have the win7 disk yes and ill be back if it doesnt work. thanx EMOJI
what does sudo fdisk -l say?
i'm not sure what to do with it.
i've done even a fresh install. but my wireless keeps disconnecting. a known bug.
i dont know what to tell you
i'm not sure what you mean by `` futur ''.
i'm not an archive admin, but i'm a mailody user.
i'm not sure. i'm a student.
i'm not sure, i've never used kazehakase
you can install ubuntu on debian, but you will have to install debian first
i'm not sure, but i think it kills the wine server
sudo is a command to run programs with superuser privileges ( `` root '' ). look at URL for all information.
i'm stil mit ubuntu und das konfigurationstools ist.
i'm using kde, but i'm trying to install azureus
i'm not sure what you mean by `` all we want ''
you can use the alternate cd for that
i'm not sure what happened to your.kde
i think you need to enable the nvidia driver in the restricted modules section
i'm not sure, but i 'd say it's a crime against humanity
i'm not sure what the problem is. i'm trying to get it to run in a terminal.
i'm not sure if you can reinstall the nvidia-glx package
i'm not sure what synclient -h is
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's the same one
i'm not sure, i've never used the open source drivers
okay i 'll try that. thanks
i'm not sure, i've never had a problem with it
i'm not sure, i've never had a problem with it
i don't know, i've never used konqueror
you have to run the command i gave you.
i tried it from a different machine at work and it didnt work
i'm not sure what you mean by `` uninterupted ''.
i 'd go with the intel one
i'm not sure what you mean by compiling ndiswrapper yourself
i'm trying to rebuild it with libgfortran4.1
you can install xfce with apt-get install xubuntu-desktop
you don't need to install webmin
you can mount it in FILEPATH umount FILEPATH mkdir -p FILEPATH mount FILEPATH FILEPATH
i'm not sure what to do now
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a link
i think you need to use the -i option to convert the file to a format like this ffmpeg -i temp.flv -ab 128k -ar 44100 -b 800k -r 25 -s 320x240 temp1.mp4
i've enabled it in the keyboard prefs
i'm not sure what you mean by `` pouring rain ''
i did, but i get this error : URL could not resolve 'nl.security.ubuntu.com'get this message for all of the mirrors in sources.list
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it 'll be fine
what filesystem is teh flash drive?
you didn't delete anything, you just removed the file
i'm not sure, but i think it's possible
i'm not sure what you mean
ok, now, open software centre, then go to edit menu, and select software sources.
you can learn c and c in ubuntu
you can use the tarball to create a deb package.
i have a swap partition and i have 2gb ram
i would say ntfs is a bad choice for win-xp.
you can change the default connection type in FILEPATH
i'm not sure what you mean by `` howto in breezy ''
i'm not sure, i've never used it
grub is the default ubuntu boot manager. lost grub after installing windows : URL - making grub floppies other grub howtos : URL
i'm not sure if that will help, but i'm sure it will
i 'll look at it, thanks
i'm not sure, but i 'd try the alternate cd
you can use a web browser to convert plain text to html.. or you just tack on the proper FILEPATH i guess..
you can use synaptic to install programs from the internet.
please try to keep your FILEPATH on one line - don't use the `` enter '' key as punctuation!
you can change the hostname in FILEPATH
i'm not sure what to do with autoconf
you can also delete your.gnome directory and reset all settings back to default.. if your eally want.. or play with the ccsm tool and set up te themes how you like.
i don't know, i've never had any problems with it
i'm not sure what to do now. i'm using the livecd.
you could try to install the openssh server on the windows machine -- however this would entail a cygwin ( or similar type program ) installation
i'm not sure, but i've seen it in the forums
ok, where is the installer file?
i'm not sure what you mean by `` bits ''
i'm a vim guy, i'm just a vim user
i'm not sure, but i think he's trying to install kubuntu-desktop
you can also try to boot from the cd and see if it detects the drive
i'm using the theme from the ubuntu site
i'm not sure if it's a bug, but i'm sure it 'll be fixed in intrepid
i'm trying to get the prism chipset to work
i'm not registered, so i cant register : s
i'm not sure, i've never had to do that
you can use easyubuntu to install the packages you want
what protocol version string are you using?
you can use uuid to specify the filesystem type
ok, i 'll try that, thanks
i'm not sure, but i've heard about skype, and i'm sure it's free
i'm not sure if it's in the repos.. but i'm sure there's a way.
you can check in FILEPATH for the driver
i'm not sure what you mean by single user mode
i would try to find out what is causing the problem
i'm not sure, but i think it's possible
you can try to install ubuntu-restricted-extras and see if it works
i'm not sure what you mean by `` not necessary ''
you can chmod xserver-xorg to change the permissions of the files you want to run
you can set up the desktop to start at boot time
no, but there is a channel for advanced users.
i'm in the right directory, but i can't check the upload status in `` ftp '' but can i check the output of `` cat FILEPATH
i'm not sure, i've never used it
you can do it with the live cd
you 'll need to install the deb first
i'm not sure, but i've heard that it's buggy
i have tried zoneminder, but it doesn't work
did you install the restricted formats and codecs?
what are you trying to do?
soren : i 'll try to reproduce it
i'm not sure, i've never used ssh
i'm not sure, i've never had to re write to the mbr
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it 'll be filed in the next hour or so
i'm going to install hoary.
i'm not sure if there is a ppa for thunderbird 3
i'm not sure what your problem is, but sure bluetooth stuff should be able to remove that
i don't know what to tell it to
i'm not sure if it's possible to do that, but i'm pretty sure it 'd be possible
i have been missing the.gz out of the archive
i'm not sure, i've never had any problems with my speakers
i'm not sure i'm aware of that
you can delete the shortcuts in FILEPATH
i have a bootcd supposedly able to fix the mbr etc after windows installs crap on it
i'm not sure what you mean by `` install ''
i'm not in the first column, but i'm in the second row
i'm not sure if it's possible to do that with kate, but i'm sure it 'll be possible
i tried that, but it doesnt seem to work
you can also boot to a previous kernel and install any and all updates.
i am not sure, i have never used virtualbox, but i would assume it would be a good idea to install it
i dont want to use su, i want to run gnome 1.4
you can use sudo to run commands as root
i'm not sure. i'm using the beta version of ubuntu.
i mean gedit, i mean the editor
you can install it from the package manager
i am getting the following error : `` alert! FILEPATH does not exist. dropping to a shell! '' -- is this familiar to anyone?
you need to enable the iwpriv key in networkmanager
i'm not sure what you mean by `` i'm a bot ''
i'm not sure, i'm just a user
i'm not sure if it's sane, but i'm sure it 'll be
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to get a good idea of what the problem is
the lists of sites named in the file FILEPATH
i'm not sure what you mean by `` cache ''
i'm not running a normal x session, i'm running a composite
you need to install the.deb file
i think that's true, but it's not true
i'm not sure, i'm just curious
i'm not sure, i'm just a bit of a noob
i'm not sure, i'm using kde
i think he is trying to get the interface down
i'm not sure what you mean by `` non world writable ''
i'm not sure, i'm on 8.04
i'm not sure, but i'm sure they're pretty good
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's a bug
i'm not sure, i've never used it
you can use gksudo to run programs in linux
i'm not sure, but i 'd say it's safer
oh. `` find. -name ``.java '' -exec mv ( basename { } ) prefix- { } '' ; ''
i'm not sure, i've never used it
i will try to get pulse working, i have a few things i need to do to get it working
you can backup your home directory, but i don't know how to do that
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's faster than re-part and expand
you can set the channel to the proper channel
i'm not sure, i've never seen it
i'm not sure, but i'm sure xmms is better
i have a minimal iso that is bootable.. but i have a feeling that the ubuntu minimal iso is not
ok.. so you have to restart the computer.. and then click on the `` disable '' button
i think you can just delete the files and then reinstall
you can do a rm -rf FILEPATH
you can also use the command `` ls '' to see what files are in the folder.
i'm not sure what the issue is, but i'm sure it's a bug
i have the sun java i have via apt is not the version you got through! info above
you can install the ose version from the virtualbox site
i have to admit that i have no clue about such matter. but i really like that attitude of yours! maybe ask again in 'ubuntu-devel '
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a package for it
i'm not sure, but i 'd say that ati is better supported than nvidia.
i'm not sure, i'm on a live cd
i'm not sure what you mean
ok, what file system is it using?
i dont know. i have it made EMOJI
i'm not sure what you mean by `` permanently accept ''
i'm not sure, but i 'd say 85 is fine
i'm not sure, i'm using the latest version of gcc
i'm not sure, i've never used wubi
i'm not sure what you mean by `` not bothered ''
i'm not sure what you mean by wear
i don't know what you mean by `` automatic at startup ''
i dont know, i dont use gnome
i am still annoyed by the latest ubuntu-nautilus policy of closing previous window
i'm not sure what you mean by `` hang ''.
i'm not sure.. i've never used it.. but i'm sure there's a way to get it to display statcounter
you can connect to one another with cat5 cables.
i'm not sure if it's possible to do it with inkscape, but i'm sure it 'll be possible
i'm not sure, i've never used mythbuntu
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there's a way to do it.
you can also use the `` man mount '' to find out how to mount a partition
no, it used to work before
i 'd recommend you just reinstall.
it will remove the files you installed, but it will not remove the ones you installed
ext4 is the default filesystem on ubuntu. for more information and troubleshooting on ext4 please refer to URL
you understand? don't tell him he 'll just say you do n
you can use the desktop desktop, but it's not really the same as the desktop
i'm not sure what you mean
i'm going to try it out
you need to install gstreamer-mad, it's in the repositories
i would say check the forums and askubuntu.com for your exact video FILEPATH
i'm not sure how to do that.
i know, but i want to play them
i think it will as well as stop allowing traffic to pass through basically it will be really secure at that point as nothing should pass through it
suspend is a program that runs on the hdd, hibernate is a tool to suspend the system to ram
i'm not sure what you mean by `` daily cd builds ''. EMOJI
compiz-fusion is a window manager that takes advantage of an opengl accelerated x environment. see URL - help in compiz-fu
i'm not sure what you mean by `` hammering ''.
what version of ubuntu are you using?
i'm not sure. i'm sure it's been replaced.
ok, so you have him log into the desktop, open a terminal and run this command : whoami and see what his user name is is
i'm not sure. i'm using the old version of libapt.
you need to edit the file FILEPATH
then you're not using sshfs.. you've got to sshfs into the nas from outside world
please don't flood ; use URL to paste ; do nt use enter as punctuation.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a way to do it
ok, so you're not sure what the problem is, then.
i'm not sure. i'm pretty sure you can make one primary for FILEPATH and one ( primary ) for FILE FILEPATH
i'm not sure, i'm just a programmer
i'm not sure what to tell you EMOJI
i'm not sure what you mean by bare on konversation ; i'm using kde
i think you can tunnel x-sessions via ssh
i'm not sure what you mean by `` working ''.
you can download xubuntu if you want
i'm not sure if it's a bug or not, but i'm sure it 'll be fixed soon
i'm not sure what you mean by `` output ''.
i don't know, i'm not sure
i'm using gparted, but i'm not sure how to use it
you can install real player with the package manager
i'm not sure, i'm using the default ubuntu install
i use xchat and it is quite good
i'm not sure, i'm just curious
i'm using photoshop. but i'm not sure how to install it.
i'm not sure what you mean by that.
i know that but i want to have it so that when i delete something it permanently deletes it not sends it to the trash bin
i'm not sure if it's a built in or not.
i'm not sure what to do now
i'm not sure what you mean by `` create folder ''.
what does 'file mingwstudio'say?
you can use a colon in a name
i don't know, i'm not familiar with ssh
i'm not sure, but i've never had any problems with it.
you want to do some djing right??
you can try the options in the options file
i'm not sure how to do that
i'm not sure about the built in firewall.
i'm not sure if unity is still running.
you can use `` sudo killall -9 cron ''
i'm not sure what the purpose of the user is, but i'm sure there's a way to make it use the debian maintainer's password
i'm not sure, i'm running fluxbox
you need to make a directory for it
you can upgrade to dapper if you want
i have a laptop with a 2.5ghz processor and a 256mb ram
you can use sftp to connect to your windows machine
i'm not sure what you mean by plague
you can install it from the repositories
i'm not sure, i've never used it
you could try installing the flashplugin-nonfree package
error given by gnomebaker : EMOJI unable to inquiry : FILEPATH error
i'm not sure, but i 'd try to find out.
i tried that command. but it doesnt work.
i'm not sure, i've never used it
i'm not sure what the grub prompt is.
i'm not sure, i'm using a realtek hdmi card
you can use synaptic package manager to search for packages
i'm not sure what to do with it
i'm not sure how to do that, but i 'd try rebooting your both machines
i'm not sure if it's a good idea to include xmlrpc in the package list, but i'm sure it 'll be fine
i dont know.. i dont use xchat..
no, it will not. you will need to use sudo to run it.
i'm not sure, i'm just curious.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's -15-30 here
you can use the entire disk to do that
i'm using the gnome-terminal or the big control alt f1 console.
i don't know, i'm not a gcc expert
i'm not sure what you mean by extra nautilus processes
you can use fdisk to format it, but i don't know how to do it with fdisk
i'm not sure, i'm using a web based one
i'm not sure what you mean by `` foot in his posterior ''
i am using 8.04.2, but i have a feeling i will be upgrading to 8.10.2
you can download it from the repos
i'm not sure what you mean by `` i don't have an ip addy for ra0 ''
i'm not sure what you mean.
you can try the alternate install cd
okay, now try `` xfce4-terminal '' from the xterm, and then `` xubuntu-desktop ''
i had the same problem with my laptop
escott : i 'll be back in a bit
i'm not sure what you mean by `` no swapping ''.
you can do it with the following command : sudo apt-get install -- reinstall install libxine-extracodecs libxines-extras libxfree86-extraceable libxlibs-ext4 libx
i'm not sure, i'm just curious if the 32-bit compat binaries are already installed
i have no vfat partition, i just want to mount it
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a way to do it from the command line
i'm not sure i'm following you there but that's ok
i'm not sure what you mean by `` change ''
you can use hda1 to make a seperate FILEPATH partition
i don't know, i've never used anjuta
you can install from the livecd, but you 'll have to manually set partition options.
you need to enable the nvidia driver in the restricted driver manager
i'm not sure. i'm on a livecd.
i'm not sure, i'm using the nvidia driver from the repos
i'm not sure what you mean by private message
i tried that but still the flash is gone
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a way.
i'm talking about the bootsplash screen, you know, when ubuntu is loading.
i think you need the 386 iso
i'm not sure, i've never tried it
you need to change your user's password
right click on the panel, click add to panel, and choose your app. rince and repeat
if you have a virus problem, you're probably better off with a virus scanner.
i'm not sure, but i've never used wine
i'm not sure what you mean by full screen
i'm not sure, i've never had a firewall on my box
i don't know, i've never used it
i know, but i don't know how to do it
i'm not sure what you mean by sequential upgrade
i have no idea what you mean
i'm not sure what to do.
you can mount it with the mount command
i think it is in the ubuntu repos
i'm not sure. i'm sure there are some.
i'm running gcc-3.4, but i'm not sure how to install it
i'm not sure what to do with splash changes
i don't know. i'm not sure.
i'm not sure if it's possible to do that, but i'm sure that it would be a good idea
i'm not sure what you mean.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it 'll speed things up.
you can use synaptic to install packages
i don't know, i do nt think it's a problem with the os
i'm not sure, i've never used 7.04
i think you can set it to auto mount in fstab
i'm not sure if it's in the repos, but i'm sure it 'll be in the archive
i'm on feisty, but i'm not sure if it's in feistys yet
i'm not sure how to do that
i have the permission to view the contents of `` windows '' ( the folder we made ) it is read and write protected
i'm not sure, i've never used it
i dont know, i dont use ubuntu
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there are some guides on the ubuntu wiki
i have the same music share on a linux box mounted with both nfs and samba
you can kill gdm with the killall command
you 'll need to install the ndiswrapper-common package.
you can use the script to do that
i'm not sure if there is a deb for it
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's a bug.
i'm not religious, but i'm sure there's a good howto on the net
i'm not sure what you mean
i'm using the proprietary driver, and it's working fine
i want to upgrade to dapper but i want to know what else i need to do, i want
i don't know. i do nt think lvm is a software.
i'm not sure what you mean by `` improvements '' EMOJI
i'm trying to protect a folder in my home
you're not going to get anywhere if you don't give up.
it's a file that's in the home directory of the file.
i have a user in that group, but i cant delete files in there using scp
you can use pdftk to join multiple pdfs
you can use the command `` lspci '' to find out what model of card it has
you could block access for paul on the file FILEPATH
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it was chroot
you can use 'nn :'to auto complete my nick
i'm not sure, i'm using the default gnome desktop
ok. you need to edit your xorg.conf file.
i dont know, im not a gnome user
i'm not sure. i'm just saying that sd boot is faster than usb boot.
i'm not sure, i've never used it
i'm not sure what you mean by `` daemon ''
i haven't had mine crash since edgy
i am not sure what to do.
i'm not sure, but i've never had any issues with 64bit software
what kind of disk is it?
i'm not sure how to help you, but i'm sure someone else can help you
i'm not sure how to change it
i wouldn't touch a metal screwdriver, but a doornob would be a good choice
i'm trying to get the error to be fixed
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's there
i am not sure, but i think you can get the plugin for webstart from the software center.
i know, but i don't know how to use it
you can also use the command `` sudo apt-get update ''
because it doesnt have a maximized window.
you can use gparted to format ntfs
i'm not sure, i've never used unrar
i don't know, i've never done it
you can also try to mute the pc speaker in the sound output.
you can write to nfts partitions with ntfs-3g
i'm using gparted, but i want to resize my ext3 partition from inside ubuntu
ext2 is faster, but it has a few drawbacks
did you try thest two commands : dmesggrep -i conex and dmesgrep -a bt8
i'm getting sick see this 60 hz thing _ ''
i'm not sure if flash works in other websites, but i'm sure it does
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is.
i have a feeling that crunchbang is going to be a lot more stable than xubuntu
you can try to install the flashplugin-nonfree package
i have nvidia-glx-new installed, but i haven't tried nv yet
you can use the live cd to edit the network interfaces
i'm not sure what you mean by `` internet deconnection ''
ok now type - sudo FILEPATH restart
i don't know, i'm not familliar with debians init structure yet.
you can install the package firefox-3.5-gnome-support ff3.4
i'm not sure what you mean by `` telnet localhost 80 ''
i don't know, i've never had that problem
i'm not sure, but i think it's in fish.
i'm not sure what you're trying to do
i don't know, i'm not sure
i'm not sure what you mean by `` install xubuntu over ubuntu ''
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's possible
i'm not sure what to tell you
i'm not sure what you mean by `` f install ''
i am not sure what you mean by `` working ''
i'm not sure, i'm trying to get it to work
i get permissions denied with the ro option
i don't know, i'm not a kernel expert
you can learn bash, but you 'll need to learn a few things first
i'm new to this. can you tell me how to do this configuration or if can give me a guide which specifies this
please don't flood, use URL to paste, do nt use enter as punctuation.
i'm not sure, but i 'd say it's probably a good idea to wait until gutsy is released
i'm not sure, i've never used it
i have no idea. i'm not sure.
i'm not sure what he's looking for.
you can add repositories to your sources.list by running `` sudo apt-get update ''
i'm not sure, but i've never used it
you need to add the line `` maurizi.lan.maurizi.lan '' to your zones file
i'm not sure what you mean by `` stopped working ''
you can move the users home folder to another location in the FILEPATH file
elo_ : FILEPATH 6294 7088 6385837 f w95 ext 'd ( lba )
i'm not sure if that's the case, but i'm sure it's possible
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's a known bug
i have the link does it have gui
you need to chmod the hldsupdatetool.bin file to be executable
i have a windows boot string in FILEPATH
i'm not sure what you mean by `` a flamewar ''
i'm not sure, i'm using kde4
i don't know, i've never used it
i'm not sure, but i've been using it for a while.
i'm not sure what to tell you
no, you would need to save it.
i'm not sure, i'm on a laptop
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there's a how-to somewhere
i believe this is the key file URL
i'm using chromium, and it works fine
you can run both on the same machine
apt is used to install packages, apt-get is used for managing dependencies
you can try to run it from the command line
wine is a compatibility layer for running windows programs on FILEPATH see URL for more information.
i'm not sure if that will work, but i 'll try it
can you pastebin your FILEPATH file?
what is the output of sudo mount -t ntfs-3g FILEPATH FILEPATH -o force
i'm not sure what you mean by `` not working like you think ''
i'm trying to find it, but i can't find it
i'm not sure, i've never used conky
i'm not sure what you mean by tab
i'm not sure, but i've heard that some games can not be played under wine
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a way to fix it
i'm not sure if that's what you're looking for
you need to unmount it first.
i'm not sure what you mean by grey box
i think you can use this to append a line : echo `` new line for your file '' cat filename - filename
i need to understand what all the directories in mean and contain, is there som manual for this?
i'm not sure, but i think there are some
i use amarok, but it is a bit slow.
you can use the apache2 configuration file to configure apache
i'm not sure what you mean by `` onboard video '', but i'm pretty sure it's hardware.
i don't know, i've never used ubuntu
i'm not sure, i'm just a bot EMOJI
i'm not sure, i've never used tvtime
i have compizconfig-settings-manager open it and find the cube
i'm not sure. i'm using wpa2 and it works fine.
you can use the command from the gentoo advice page, 'ffmpeg -i video.avi -f psp -r 29 -b 768 -ar 24000 -ab 64 -s 320x240 m4v0000 '
i'm not sure what to do now.
i'm not sure, i've never used gpg
i'm not sure what you mean by that
i'm not sure what you mean by `` sudo -i ''
i'm not sure. i'm afraid i don't know.
you can paste the output of `` lsb_release -a '' to URL
waltherfi : you can use sudo service gdm start to start x
i have a logitech mx900 and metacity does not bind enuff for me.
i'm not sure if you can push it to the right place, but i'm sure you can
i think i found it, thanks
i think it's in gnome 2.14, but i'm not sure
you need to install the package `` tasksel ''
i'm not sure, but i've heard that it's faster
i'm not sure what you mean by `` upgrade ''
you can use the wine application db to search for itunes
i'm not sure how to do that
i dont know what to do, so i found xfce4, didnt see xubuntu desktop?
i'm not sure, i've never used nvidia
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that the packages in hoary are not in the ubuntu repositories
i'm not sure how to do that.
i'm not sure, i'm using xauth
i'm not sure what you mean
i'm not sure, i'm using it
you want to feed the text of the file into the text?
i'm not sure if you can find a guide for it, but i'm sure there is one
i know, but i don't think he's talking about a password
please don't flood, use URL to paste, do nt use enter as punctuation.
i think you can do that with the `` -- prefix '' option
i'm not sure what that means
i'm not sure, i've never used 9.04 before
you can install the mplayer package from the repositories
i'm not sure if it's possible to use ipv6 for a proxy, but i'm sure it 'll work
i'm not sure, i'm using the beta
i'm not sure what you mean by `` fellow arch user ''
i'm not sure, but i've heard that it's possible to use smil files in windows, but not sure how
please don't flood, use URL to paste, do nt use enter as punctuation.
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to get my sound working
i don't think it's meant to be that way
i'm not sure what that is, but i'm sure it's there.
i 'll try that. thanks for the help
i'm not sure, i've never used it
i have a cd heap full of stuff
i'm not sure. i'm on a laptop, and i can't right click on the panel
you can also use the cd-burner tool in synaptic
i'm not sure, i've never used gnomebaker
you can open the ports with the ip adddress command
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that he shouldn't have to edit it manually
i'm not sure what you mean by `` panics on install ''
i tried that, but it didnt work
i'm not sure if there is a linux version of bitdefender, but i think it is
you can use vnc to view the desktop of your machine
i know but i want to make it readable for all users
you need to add the medibuntu repository
i'm not sure what you mean by fetish
i'm using audacity to record my sound
i'm not sure what you mean.
you can try to log in as root with sudo -i
i'm not sure, i'm using ubuntu 9.10
you can use aplay to get the output of aplay -l
i know, but i want to know if it is the latest
i think so, not 100 sure though, i only come here to freenode.
i'm not sure, i'm using the rt kernel
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is
i have had to reboot a few times to get it to work.
i'm not sure, but i 'd say it's the same
you can use the windows drivers from the.exe
you can install it from the package manager
you should do sudo [ application ].FILEPATH
because it wasn't a dvd iso
please don't flood, use URL to paste, do nt use enter as punctuation.
i'm not sure, but i'm looking at it
i'm not sure, but i've heard that it's possible to install it in a different way
i'm not sure what you mean by `` fast ''
you should be able to find an md5sum for it to check
i'm looking at a samsung for a comparable price, i might just jump on it
ubuntu is still free. your time may not be, but ubuntu is.
i know, but i'm not sure how to do it
i'm not going to be a helpfull person, i'm just trying to help
i don't know, i do nt use network shares
you can use the wmp-cast package to make a wmp cast
i know, but i was just trying to get my feet wet.
i'm not sure, i've never used dnsmasq
you can use sudo to do that.
ext4 is the default filesystem on ubuntu. for more information and troubleshooting on ext4 please refer to URL
i'm not sure, i'm using a different language
i'm not sure. i've never used windows.
i'm not sure, i've never used global village
i'm not sure, i'm afraid i don't know
you can use samba to share files between windows and linux
you can try it out, but i don't know how to do it
you can use sudo to edit the xorg.conf
i am not sure, i have never used utorrent
i'm not sure, i've never used it
please don't flood, use URL to paste, do nt use enter as punctuation.
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to get him to install the software
i'm not sure what else to do
you can add panels to the tv
i'm not sure what to do now - i'm using the nvidia driver from nvidia.com
i'm not sure, but i've never had a problem with it
i'm on a mac, so i don't know
i'm not sure, but i've heard that it's already in universe.
you can use vncviewer to set up a remote desktop
you can use a symlink to the dir it's in.
because you have to be root to access it
i'm trying to install the alpha version of pyhton, but it's not working.
you can also do a clean install, but it's a bit more complicated
i have used it for a long time
you can run windows inside ubuntu, but you 'll need to install windows first
i'm trying to fix my login screen with no backdrop image and it doesn't accept my password
i'm not sure, but i 'd say the m8 is the best
you can use `` sudo halt '' to do that
then you need to change the driver from 'nvidia'to 'nv '
i'm not sure what the purpose of mysql is, but i think it's a user-specific thing.
you can use the command line to transfer pictures
i'm not familiar with synaptic, what are the commands?
ok, so you have a gateway set up
i have a.xsession file, but i don't have a gdm session
you can use the terminal to embed the terminal into the desktop
i'm not sure if it's a regression, but i'm sure it 'll be fixed by the next upload
i'm not sure if you can find it in the repos
i tried that, but it didn't work
you can use synaptic to remove apache related packages
you can set the permissions on your home directory to be the same as your user's home directory
i'm not sure, but i've never had a problem with it.
because it's a bit buggy and will break your system
i'm looking up how i did it, i forgot. it's a specific gconf key. one sec
i'm not sure, i'm using the layout of the keyboard
i'm not sure what u are doing
you can install the smp version if you have more than one processor
i'm not sure, i've never used it
i am just amazed that there is no easy upnp client in 12.04
i'm not sure what you mean by dselect, but i'm sure it's a good idea
i'm not sure, but i 'd try to find a way to disable compiz and libcompiz packages
ok, i 'll try that. thanks for the help
i'm not sure. i've never used ntfs-3g. i don't know how to do it.
i'm not sure, i'm using gconf-editor, but i 'll try that
i'm using the version from the repos
i'm not sure, i've never used cups
i'm not sure what the problem is, but i'm sure it's not the same problem
i did, but it is saying that there is no matching application available
i'm not sure what you mean by bridged ports.
i'm not sure, but i 'd guess it's a hardware issue
i'm not sure, i'm using the default apache2 config
i don't know, i'm not a gnome user
you need to add the real player line to FILEPATH
i'm not sure what you mean by `` bleeding edge ''.
i'm not sure if it's worth it, but i'm sure it 'll be fine
what's the corresponding line in sources.list say? is it `` deb URL dapper-security universe ''?
i'm not sure what you mean by `` can't play anything ok ''.
crimsun, i have a problem with the pci card
you can use scp to transfer files
i don't use this by the way, all i am doing is websearching
i'm going to try that. thanks for the help.
i'm not sure what you mean by `` encrypting it ''
you can install kubuntu-desktop from the kubuntu repositories
i'm not sure, but i 'd bet it's a bit old
you can do that with sudo, but you 'll need to chown -r admin FILEPATH
i haven't done that, i am trying to install kubuntu-desktop
i think i found it. i 'll try to copy them to.fonts
you can use a program called ipod-mount to mount it.
i didn't have all the deps, i just had the ones i needed
i'm not trying to help him. i'm trying to get him to stop repeating his question.
i'm not sure, i'm using virtualbox
you can use the nvidia driver in the kernel
what version of ubuntu are you running?
i'm not sure what you mean by `` just work ''
you can use your public key to authenticate with someone else
i'm not sure what you mean by `` apt-get install x11-dev ''
i'm not sure what the problem is, but i'm sure there is a way to fix it
you can set it up in your FILEPATH to mount it aws a drive.
what program did you compile? i'm not sure.
i'm not sure, i've never done it
you're asking how to do it, then how do you know it's a trivial issue?
i am not sure, i am not familiar with fstab
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's possible
i'm not sure what you mean by 'different de '.
i have universe main restricted multiverse in my FILEPATH and the cdrdao package shows up in synaptic allright.
i'm not sure if it's possible to do it without an xorg.conf
i'm not sure what to do about it.
i'm not sure how to do that - i've never used ntfs
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's in the repos
i have done that, but it doesn't work
you need to install the amsn package
you can start programs in gnome session
ok, so you have a good ram problem, and you have bad ram?
i'm not sure, i'm just looking at the changelog
you can also use the command line to list processes
i want to share internet connection sharing with my other computer.
i don't know, i do nt know what you mean by `` driver ''
i'm not sure what the actual interface is, but i 'll try it
you can add a user to the admin group
i'm not sure. i'm pretty sure it's not on.
i'm not sure what you mean by `` back it up ''
i'm not sure, but i 'd say it's a pain to get 3d working
i'm not sure, i'm using gnome-monitor
i'm not sure, i've never used wine
you can use the command `` sudo apt-get install ppa-purge '' to remove the old packages
i've tried using notify-send from terminal but that also doesn't display anything
i don't know. i'm not sure what you mean by `` mute ''.
i'm not sure what you mean.
you can also use'sudo apt-get install build-essential'to install the source
ok, then open firefox again, and go to a flash page
yes, but you can also reinstall grub to the mbr of the disk you are booting from.
you can try to use the jolicloud channel
okay, so you're using the 32-bit version of flash?
you can set a password for root.
i think there is a package called simcity
you are a loving kind 3
you can get flash from adobe's site
i don't know ; i just started looking at all of this mess a few days ago
i'm not sure what you mean by `` everything needed for dvd playback ''
i dont know, i dont use wxga
yes, you can edit the sources with the livecd
i'm trying to watch a movie, but it's not playing
i'm not sure what you mean by `` compare ''
you can use apt-get to search for the kernel source
it's not a problem with the kernel.
i dont know, i dont use vmware
i think you need to set the time to 2am
i'm not sure if it's the ppa you used.
i'm not sure, but i 'd say it's probably a good idea to wait.
i don't think so, but i do nt think so
i ran beryl-manager and it didnt start
i'm not sure if it's a bug, but i'm sure it 'll be fixed.
i'm not sure what files it is
you can also use the package manager to search for the package name
i'm not sure what you mean by `` changed ''
what is the output of : lsb_release -sc
i'm not sure what you mean by `` unstable ''
i'm not sure what you mean by `` reasonable ''
thanks for the help. i 'll try to figure out how to resize my ntfs partition properly.
i think you can use the script to copy the files to FILEPATH
i have been using ubuntu for a while now, but i have noticed a slight slowness in the forums lately
i'm not saying that, i'm saying that linux is better than windows
you can use the command line to extract the files
i'm not sure, i've never had any problems with 7.10
what is the output of `` unetbootin ''?
i'm not familiar with wireless, but i'm sure you can find a guide on the linksys site.
i'm not sure, i'm afraid i don't know
you should see the colored prompt now..
i think squid can do that.
i'm not sure, i'm using xfce
i'm not sure. i'm using the kqemu accelerator.
i'm not sure, i'm using kde right now, but i 'll try to save them.
i am not sure,,, i have heard of this,, let me search it to see what i can come up with hold on
you can use ebox to manage samba shares
you are not stuck, no one is forcing you to use an ati card
you can add extra packages ( ie `` sudo apt-get install sun-java6-plugin sun-j6-fonts conky pidgin whatever ''
you need to enable the universe repository
i'm not sure if you have multiverse or universe enabled
i'm not sure what you mean by `` remove ''
he needs to use a windows tool to access ext3 partition.
you should upgrade to 3.5. it's a lot faster. though, it 'll not be as fast as the webkit-based browsers.
i don't know. i'm not sure.
you can use gparted to delete the pendrive.. and then make a new fat32 partition for the pendrives..
i'm not sure what you mean by `` alias net-pf-10 ipv6 ''
i have this pendrive URL i bought today from online e commerce website
you need to let the installer format your partitions, yes
i'm not sure what you mean by `` split ''
i'm not sure what you mean by `` chewing ''
you can use the command ``.vimrc '' to find the file
i'm glad it's getting traction.
i am trying to configure a ftp server so that some users can log in and download my files
you can do dd if=FILEPATH of=diskimage.iso instead.
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to get it to mount correctly
i have a vaio keyboard, and i have used it for years
you can use the command `` mount '' to see what partitions are mounted
i know but i dont know how to do that
i'm not sure if it's in the gnome-config package.
you don't need a cd to install an operating system on vmware
you can also try altf2 and type konsole there.
i dont think its a problem with the psp
i'm not sure what you mean by that
i'm not sure what that means, but i'm sure it's a kernel error
i'm not sure, i've never used it
i'm not sure what you mean by `` i am going to end ea ''
i have `` root hard nofile 30000 '' and `` root root nofile 40000 ''
you can use the command `` mount '' to see what is mounted
you can do that with the gnome-panel
you can use debian testing and use packages from debian unstable ( sid )
you can boot from the cd, but you need to boot from it first
i dont know, i dont use klipper
i did. i didn't see multiverse
i'm not sure what you mean by `` assign ''
you can use lshw to find guides
i'm not sure what you mean by obnoxious
i think you need to add the wpa2 driver to your kernel
you can install a linux server on windows and run it like a windows server
i'm not sure what you mean by `` vnc ''
i'm not sure what you mean
i don't know. i'm not sure.
i'm not sure how to ping to a specific port.
i'm not sure what to tell you
i think you need to use mime to get a photo
i'm not sure what you mean by `` change ownership ''
i'm not sure if it's worth the hassle, but i'm sure it 'll be worth it
you can do it with rsync -r -- remove-source-files -- delete...
i'm not sure if it's flash, but i'm sure it 'll work.
you can install yum in ubuntu, but you need to install yummy packages first
okay, you're in the admin group.
i'm not sure what you mean by `` not supported ''
i think i found it. i 'll try it.
i'm not sure what you mean
i think the panel is called `` panel ''
i think you can just upgrade to the next ubuntu version.
ok, so you're using the live cd, right?
i dont know, i dont use raid
it's a command to run programs with superuser privileges ( `` root '' ).
i think you can do that with ffmpeg -f video4linux2 -i FILEPATH FILEPATH
i'm not sure what you mean by `` build from source ''
i'm not sure, i've never used cfdisk
i dont have the nvidia settings, i just have the restricted driver manager installed
no, you need to add the line : iface eth0 up
i'm using ubuntu in a terminal, and i'm typing in irssi
you can also use sudo apt-get update
please don't shout! we can read lowercase too.
i've tried that. lsusb lists the phone but it's not mounted as a filesystem and also not recognized as a modem.
i'm not sure. i'm sure it's in the repos.
you can use itunes, but it's not really supported.
i'm not sure, i've never used dropbox
i'm not sure, i'm using a blank dvd-r
you need to set the root password
i'm not sure, i'm just curious
you've installed build-essential, right? pastebin your source file
i'm looking in ubuntu foruns
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there's a page on the wiki.
i'm planning on getting the bt from a package
did you burn the cd to a cd?
you can use ext3 to write to ntfs partitions
i'm not sure what you mean by aumix
i dont know what you mean by `` best ''
i'm trying to compile it from source.
i dont think it is a competition its just a distro that is designed for your needs
i'm not sure if it's gnome-power-manager, gnomescreensaver, or gnome_power-manger.
i'm not sure, i've never done it
i have installed the essential builder and it is working
i'm not sure. i'm using ifconfig.
i'm not sure, i'm using 9.04
what does apt-cache search gstreamer0.10-pitfdll give you?
i'm not sure what you're basing that off of.
i think it's called usplash, but i'm not sure.
i'm not sure what you mean by `` unload ''
i think screen -m is the syntax
i'm not sure, but i 'd think it's worth it
you can clone the drives with dd
i dont know what to tell you. i dont use unity.
i have a laptop with a laptop, i have a dell laptop, it's a devede, it has a laptop
i've had that happen on a lot of laptops
i just deleted kicker, and it just crashes
i'm using the ati driver from the restricted drivers manager
sudo is a command to run programs with superuser privileges ( `` root '' ). look at URL for all information.
i'm not sure, i've never used it
i'm not sure what extras viper has in there
i'm not sure what you mean by `` xhost local : ''
please try to keep your FILEPATH on one line - don't use the `` enter '' key as punctuation!
i'm not sure what you mean.
i haven't tried with any other apps.
i don't know, i do nt use nepomuk
because it's a module, not a kernel
i am not talking about the guys i hate because i work in their embassy
i'm not sure, but i've heard that some ht capabilities are still capped at 150 mbps
i'm not brainy, i just want to know what you need to know
i'm not sure if it's possible to use sysrq in windows, but i'm pretty sure it 'd work in linux.
i'm using it via ssh, but i want to use it via nfs
i'm not going to change my system, i'm going to leave
i think you can use a bbs based client
you can do that with lvm, but you need to make sure you have a logical partition
i'm not sure what flock is
you can see the status of your swap with : free -m
you could also use the apt-on-cd method on his box to install the stuff. or copy over his FILEPATH dir and isntall the packages fromt he.debs
please don't flood, use URL to paste, do nt use enter as punctuation.
you can run it from a terminal, but it's not a good idea to run it as a 32bit app
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it will
you can use bzr on your own project or your own site
i'm not sure, but i've never had any problems with volume keys
i'm running 32 bit on a 64 bit system.
you can use synaptic to install it
ok so now go to applicationssoftware center and type ab and press tab for taregted person
i'm not sure, i'm afraid i've never used gnome
you can also check the speed of the connection with `` route -n ''
you can install the headers from the cd
i'm just re-FILEPATH myself c and c, i've written an app using basic sockets, it works fine
i'm not sure, i've never done it
i don't know what gksudo is
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it 'll be easier to do it in the future.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a way to do it
you can try backporting it. no guarantees it 'll work
ok, so you have a problem with the package manager, not synaptic
you could try this : `` update-alternatives -- set x-www-browser FILEPATH or something
you're welcome. i'm glad you're here.
i think it's a bug in the package manager
you can change it in the power management settings
i'm not sure if quant is a good person to ask, but i'm sure it is
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's a bug
i'm not sure what he's asking about
grub-reboot is the way to go.
i'm not sure what the problem is.. i'm using banshee on my laptop and it crashes when clicking on podcasts
ok, so you want to change the permissions of the folder you want the folder to be in?
i dont know what to do with that.
you can mount it with sudo -i
i'm not sure what to tell you.
what's the matter with doing a clean install? can you just FILEPATH the install cd?
you can use update manager to update packages.
i have 64bit ubuntu and i have no 64bit os
i did that and the languages support. after it stop working i did it with FILEPATH and now i don't know
you can also use the alternate cd to install ubuntu on
you can install it from the repositories
i have a FILEPATH network card you have, FILEPATH
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's possible.
i'm not sure what you mean by export path
you can also use synaptic to remove the tar files
i'm not sure, i've never used it
i 'll try that, thanks
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's in the warty install
you can use the terminal to run a command
please don't flood, use URL to paste, do nt use enter as punctuation.
you can also run : sudo gedit FILEPATH and add this text : overridegpuvalidation=true
what does `` ifconfig eth0 '' say?
i think there is a project called w32codecs
you can use the terminal command to launch it
you can try to move it to FILEPATH
you can use the command line to edit the log
you shouldn't have to do that
i'm the xinetd maintainer for the past 9 years, and we discussed the possibility of merging upstart and xinet
i'm trying to find out the driver name
you can add it to the panel
i 'll try that, thanks
please don't flood, use URL to paste, do nt use enter as punctuation.
i don't know what you mean by `` best ''
you can use yum to install the packages
i'm not sure what you mean by icons, but i'm sure you can change them
i have a problem with my resolution
i'm not sure, i've never tried it.
i think you can just use the ppa version
you can use gedit to edit the file.. or gedit for editing
i'm not sure what you mean by `` errors ''
i was born in 1972, so i was born when he was talking about punch cards
i'm not sure, but i 'd say it's safe
i'm using nouveau and it's not slow at all
i'm not sure, i've never used a server with a gui
i'm not sure what you mean by `` object file ''
i'm not sure, i've never used it
i'm not sure, but i'm pretty sure it saves everything to do with alsa, so i 'd imagine you wouldn't have any sound?
i'm not sure, i'm using webmin
you can also check in the networking part what's your main network card
i have a 4800mah and it lasts 1.3 hours
mount -t ext3 FILEPATH FILEPATH fails cause already mounted or busy
i'm not sure.. i've never had a problem with it..
i'm not sure what you mean by `` it is indeed in the repositories ''
you can use dpkg -l grep ii to find out if it is installed
you can do that with the `` lock '' command.
you can use the `` free space '' command to make it bigger
i'm not sure if reburning it would help
i'm trying to open gedit FILEPATH in terminal and than gedit apper, but when i try gksudo, there is no gedit..
you 'll need to configure the port to listen on a different port.
i'm not sure what you mean by `` waiting for binaries ''
i'm not sure what that means.
you don't want to destroy your data
i'm not sure, but i think you can use pre-stop script
upstart is a graphical interface to running programs on FILEPATH see URL for more information.
i'm not sure. i'm running intrepid.
i'm using FILEPATH but i'm not sure how to add lines 18 and 19
i'm not sure what to do with that
you 'll have to build from source..
i'm not sure what you mean by `` working ''
i'm not sure what you mean by `` users home dir ''
ok, so you have a xkblayout file in FILEPATH
i'm trying to connect to the nfs share from the other os
i'm not sure what you mean by `` draw ''
you're missing the grub bootloader. you're not missing the mbr.
i'm not sure how to do that
i'm not sure, but i'm sure you can install compizconfig-settings-manager and it will work
you can type FILEPATH ubuntu-offtopic
i'm not sure what you mean by `` not found ''
i'm not sure what you mean by `` take a long time ''
you can also set the cpu frequency in the cpu scaling applet
i'm not sure, i've never used it
i'm in china, so i don't know
i'm not sure what you mean by `` file a bug ''
you can use the xinerama package to install the x server
you can install it from the command line
i'm not sure how to do that, but i'm sure there is a guide
you can check the md5 of the cd after burning
i haven't tried that yet, but i 'll try it
you can use gparted to format the partition
sudo is a command to run programs with superuser privileges ( `` root '' ). look at URL for all information.
you can use the package manager to install it
i 'd make a separate partition for everything but it gets confusing.
i'm not sure. i've never used pdf.
i dont have any of them installed
i dont know. i dont use grub2
i have a really fast starting x server
i don't think so, but i'm not sure
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there's a way to do it.
ok, so you have a cdrom?
i'm not sure, i'm just curious
ok, now, do you have the device `` audio '' or `` network ''?
i have it enabled in the `` configure plugins '' dialog couldn't find a logging option in the general settings.
you mean a text editor? i don't know
please don't flood, use URL to paste, do nt use enter as punctuation.
i have tried that, but it doesnt work
click places recent documents and choose clear
i just used find to find the.css file
ifconfig -a shows the eth0 interface.
i'm not sure what you mean by `` -ao ''
i have kxdocker, kxdock-configurator, kdocker-dcop, kudocker-gdate, kxfocker-taskmanager, kxocker-thememanager, kdeocker-trayicon, kubuntu-trays, kkxdocker-gnome-trash, kubuntustudio, kmenu-tracker, kdesu-trismatic, kludge, kdelibs, k
i'm not sure what you mean by `` nasty look ''
you're in ubuntu. but debian doesn't use wheel either
i tried the disks in another comp and same issue
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to get my friends to install lilo
you can order a free and original ubuntu cd from canonical, free of any charge
what version of ubuntu are u using?
you can try fsck -n, but it's not recommended
i think you need to install the kernel headers.. and then the kernel modules.
it installs things like gimp and gimp-svg afaik its just meta package
i have a scanner, but i don't know how to get it to work
you can set a password for a user with 'passwd '
i have done that n1 times now :
you can remove the deps with apt-get remove package
ok, now type `` sudo apt-get install flashplugin-nonfree ''
i wouldnt mess with the unr installation, but i wouldnt recommend it
i don't know, i've never used it
you can set the var to nobody for the user and nogroup for the group
i think it's called `` torrent ''
you can try `` sudo grub-install FILEPATH
i am not sure, but i am sure that there is a contact link on that page
i'm not sure how to do that. i'm using a different keyboard.
i'm not saying that it's bad. i'm saying that they're needed.
sudo iwconfig adapter essid `` ap-name '' key restricted wepkey mode managed ap any power on
the first three octets are supposed to be the same, the last one should change.
i'm not sure what you mean by wireless.
i'm not sure, but i 'd say it's about 3x the size of wine
i don't know what you mean.
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to make a list of files.
you can use swat to share files between windows and linux
i'm not sure if it's been touched in the last few days, but i'm sure it 'll be in the next upload
i'm not sure. i'm using the ralink driver.
you can use the live cd to fix it
i don't know, i do nt use konqueror
i don't know, i'm not sure.
you can also try `` echo path ''
you can download the alternate cd. it's a real repository on there. and, the server has lamp on it in packages.
i'm not sure what to do now.
i'm not sure, but i 'd check out the cedega site
i'm trying to install a wubi on my laptop
ok, so you have a soundcard that is working, but not fully functional?
ok, so you can access them, right?
you can also try'mv.openoffice.org '
i'm not sure if you can fix it, but i'm sure you can
i'm not sure, but i think it should be
i would think that something is sending it to sleep and then waking it up instantly.
i'm not sure, i've never used vmware
if you're not willing to risk it.. you 'll be fine.
you can use the tar command to compile a package
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's possible
you can use the restricted drivers manager to install the drivers
i'm not sure what you mean by `` information ''
i'm not sure. i'm using the nvidia driver.
ok, so you're looking at the desktop at the same time as the desktop?
it's a way to speed up searches of files in FILEPATH
i'm not sure if you can get the new splash to work on edgy
because xorg isn't released properly
you shouldn't be using php.
you can set it to not start at all
i am not sure if you are talking to me but i am sure you are
you can do it in a terminal, chmod 744 FILEPATH shgoogleearthlinux.bin
you can install the codecs from the package manager
i'm not sure, i'm just a newbie
you can delete them with `` rm -rf. ''
you can use the command line to restore the xorg.conf file
i'm not sure what you mean
you're using the wrong package name.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is.
ok, do you see anything telling me what the last thing you see on screen is?
you can use the command `` exec '' to do that
i'm not sure. i've never used 64bit before.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a way to fix it
i'm not sure what you mean by tech support.
you can do that if you want to
you can use wubi to install windows
i'm not sure,. i'm just trying to format a drive
i'm not sure, i've never used synaptic
i'm not sure, i'm using a laptop
i'm not sure, i've never had that happen
i think you need to install the codecs for divx
i think it is possible that i need to `` mknod '' the usb serial port in the evdo card
ok, will try that. thanks.
i don't know, i do nt use powernowd
i'm not sure, i've never had a problem with nforce4s
i 'd recommend lfs for a beginner
please don't flood, use URL to paste, do nt use enter as punctuation.
i'm not sure what that means
you could set up a group for the user to run irssi
i run a couple of breezy boxes
i'm not sure, i'm using kubuntu for amd64
you can use winscp to put files to your xp machine
please don't flood, use URL to paste, do nt use enter as punctuation.
i'm not sure, i've never used alabd
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's possible
ok.. so u can't ls inside FILEPATH or u ca't copy files in or what? what error u get? permission denied?
what does `` file cd.img '' tell you?
i'm not sure, i've never used windows
i'm not sure what you mean by `` drawing of the circuit ''
i'm in FILEPATH and the first line is the FILEPATH or whatever
you can use the command `` sudo apt-get install sun-java5-jre ''
please don't flood, use URL to paste, do nt use enter as punctuation.
i'm not going to teach them how to use compiz fusion
i don't know, i've never used totem
it looks for the executable for that command
i'm in china - i'm not in chinese - i am in the us
i don't know. i've never used it.
i don't know how to set the zorder in gnome
i'm not sure, but i'm sure he can.
ok, now, type `` metacity -- replace '' without quotes
you can try booting from a live cd and see if it works
i'm not sure what you mean by `` messed up ''
i'm not sure, i'm afraid i've never used grub2
you can add it to the boot conf file
i'm not sure, i've never had to do that
try changing your download server in systemsoftware sources
i'm not sure, i've never used it
i can't access the internet because i am running off livecd
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's not.
i'm not sure, but i've never had this problem
i'm not sure, i'm using the nvidia driver
i think you can safely remove the package.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's a common thing
you can use shell to learn shell
i think you need to use the command `` sudo chown -r yehia : yehias.fluxbox ''
i'm going to try that now
you can use the live cd to copy the xorg.conf to your harddrive
you can use tab completion to autocomplete the command
what do you need to do exactly? creating a mysql database is very easy.
i'm not sure what you mean by `` write and quit ''
i'm not sure what you mean by `` decent enough ''
i'm not sure, but i'm sure that the extraoverrides support arch-dependant tags, so it's not the end of the world.
you can connect to irc.freenode.org but you need to type `` sudo FILEPATH restart ''
i'm not sure what you mean by `` midi ''
i dont use suse very much, i use it for many reasons
i'm not sure what that means.
you can paste the output of lspci to pastebin
i get error 23 error while parsing number
i'm not sure what you mean by vnc.
i've seen that in firefox on the occasion that i've used it on hardy intrepid
if you don't have the usb stick mounted, you can try to unmount it
i don't know, i do nt use gimp
gksu synaptic, not sudo, but gksu apt-get
i'm not sure if you can get an acl into his pix so i can ping him
i'm not sure, i've never used phonon
i'm not sure, i've never used it
i'm not sure how to do that.
you can upgrade to the latest version of ubuntu, but it's not recommended.
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that it's not a bug
ok, and where do i find the old swapfile to be deleted?
i'm not sure, but i'm sure they're the same.
i have 915resolution in intrepid, but i have 945resolution in 915res
you can put it in the gnome menu
i don't know, i haven't tried it
you can pipe the output of `` 2 FILEPATH to FILEPATH
i dont think he should. he should not be using win7 recovery.
i'm not sure what you mean by `` htaccess ''
you can install libdvdcss3 from the repos
please don't flood, use URL to paste, do nt use enter as punctuation.
i'm not sure, but i 'd guess that 1024 is the maximum allowed.
i 'd recommend using the official version of ubuntu, really.
please don't flood, use URL to paste, do nt use enter as punctuation.
you can use the ubuntu forums to find guides on how to install ubuntu
then you need to add the line `` 1 '' to FILEPATH
what kind of linksys card do you have?
i'm not sure what you mean by `` grep -ri word1 folder grep -i word ''
you can set it in the panel settings
i think you can do that with a hardware kvm switch
i think you need to install upstart from the repos
ok, so you have to change the `` kernel line '' in boot process?
i'm not sure what the default actions are in gconf-editor
you can use xkeycaps to create a custom layout
i'm not sure how to do it that way.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it will.
i'm not sure what you mean.
i'm not sure, i'm just curious
you can install it from the ubuntu software center
i'm not sure what to do
you need to use the sda1 entry
i'm not sure, i've never used it
i'm not sure what you mean by `` edit grub.cfg ''..
i'm not sure, i'm sure there is a way to get it to work
i'm running 12.04 and recently have not been able to run sudo apt-get install ( package name ) the error i receive is e : unable to locate package ( packagename ).
i have a mic, but i dont know how to mute it
i'm not sure what you mean EMOJI
you could try to install the php5-server package, but that's not recommended
i'm not sure what you mean by `` full chroot ''.
i'm not sure what you mean by shutdown.
i am using prism2_usb, but i am using wlan0
because you can break your system, and you can lose your data
i'm not sure what you mean by `` screwed for you ''
i have a windows list with maximum size.
i have a bar at the top, but i dont like it
he's not even in the room
you can also use the default profile in your home directory
i'm using 64-bit for nearly a year now. daily. unsure why it states that.
ok,. now try sudo cp FILEPATH FILEPATH
please don't flood, use URL to paste, do n use enter as punctuation.
i'm not sure what to do with it
i'm not sure, but i've never had a problem with unity
i'm not sure, i'm using the ubuntu live cd
i'm not sure, but i 'd say it's a good choice
i don't know why you need to build it from source
you can use the lilo_xxxx.deb package to install lilo
i'm not sure what the problem is.
it's supposed to be, but it's not.
you can right click on the icon in the tray and choose beryl.
i think he needs to add the partner repository
i'm not sure what you mean by multi button mouse
you can use the w32codecs in wine, but you need to pay for the licence
i'm not sure what synaptic is
i'm not sure what you mean by that
i'm not sure if you can get it from their site or not.. but i'm sure you can find it
ok, i 'll try that. thanks
i'm not sure if it's possible to do that with the package manager, but i'm sure it 'll be possible
what are you trying to install?
because gcc is a meta package, that installs gcc and some other packages needed for compiling stuff
i'm not sure what slax is.
i'm not sure what you mean.
i'm not sure what you mean by `` xorg.conf ''
i'm not sure if you can do that, but i'm sure you can
it's not beta, it's a stable release
ok, so you have a bunch of lines that say `` nickserv '' in them
you can use postfix to set up a mail relay
i'm not a big fan of hiding it, but i'm a bit of a noob
i'm not sure what to do.
i'm not sure, i've been using ubuntu for a while
i'm not sure, i've never used amarok
i'm trying to install ubuntu on a swap partition
i 'll try that, thanks
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to help you
you can install windows inside ubuntu, but you need to install grub first
i think he means that he is waiting for libc6 to finish building
i was just about to say that.
it's supposed to. i don't know.
i think you need to reinstall grub2
ok, so you are booting to ubuntu now?
i'm not sure, i'm using the default kernel
please don't flood, use URL to paste, do nt use enter as punctuation.
i'm not sure what you mean by serious business
i've never run ubuntu in a vm
i'm not sure, i've never used it
ok, so you have a firewall running.
unagi_ has quit ( client quit )
i'm not sure what to do.
i dont know, i dont use fglrx
you can use the sun java runtime, or the sun-java6-jre ( or similar )
i'm not sure what you mean by porn, but i think it's a media player
you can use fuse to mount the windows network
ok, so you're trying to send me your FILEPATH file over irc?
you can use sudo to run x server
what does iwconfig give you back?
i don't know what you mean.
you can also remove the lines that say universe and multiverse
i'm not sure what that option is. i'm using feisty and i didn't upgrade by hand
i am using gnome-ppp ( which in ui for wvdial )
i'm not sure if it's a bug or not
i dont know if its default or not but beagle is fairly integrated into the desktop
you're using warty, not hoary?
i'm not sure what to do with it.
i'm looking at the platform.intrepid branch we could add ecryptfs-utils to the supported-sysadmin seed
i dont know how to do that
you can use the command `` env display=:0. FILEPATH
i'm not sure how to do that.
i'm not sure if it's a usb converter, but i'm sure it is
i'm not sure what you mean by `` cd ''
you can try to mount it with the mount command
i'm going to try to get the cvs trunk to sync
i'm not sure, i've never used it
i'm trying to get my passphrase to work
i'm not sure what you mean by udev
i'm a total knob and i upgraded to hardy heron and my cdrom wont burn. it says cdrecorn doesnt have permisions. is this syntax right? sudo chmod -r FILEPATH
i'm not sure, i'm using konqueror
i would suggest you use the xine-extracodecs package to install the codecs for your video card.
i'm not sure, i've never had a problem with nouveau.
i have no idea what you mean by `` all solutions get stored ''
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a way to get it to work
for FILEPATH video cards, see URL
i'm not sure, i'm using the seamonkey ppa
you can change the permissions of the file to allow people to write to it
i don't know, i do nt use wine
i'm not sure what you mean by gig
then you have a very serious hardware problem.
you can try to blacklist it, but i don't know how to do that.
i am not sure if i understood fully what ompaul was suggesting and he was gone when i replied
i don't know of any sites that do that
i'm trying to install kubuntu on my laptop
i'm not sure what you mean by `` nautilus -- no-desktop ''
what version of kubuntu do you use?
ok, i 'll try that. thanks for the help
you can use esd to record music
you can use lspci to find out what your card is
i'm not sure what you mean by `` the name of the cdrom ''
i'm not sure, i've never used it
i'm not sure, i've never had a problem with it
i have a raid0 with 3 disks, and i want to use the raid0
you can put savedefault under the section `` ubuntu ''
i'm not sure, but i'm sure madwifi-ng is in the dapper boat.
then you can use sftp in a terminal with similar syntax to ssh
i dont use windows. what is the difference? more bass? do you need to adjust an equalizer?
ok, so you have universe enabled.
you can also use the deb files from URL
i'm not sure, i'm on a laptop
you have to enable the security and updates
i'm not sure rkhunter is in FILEPATH
i'm not sure, i've never used vnc
i'm not sure what you mean by `` peek on system toolsdevice manager ''
i know that, what codec?
i'm not sure what you mean by `` i'm going out with you ''
you can right click on the properties and select properties
ok, please put your menu.lst and output of mount on the pastebin hopefully just need to fix FILEPATH
i'm not sure about chrome - i've never used it
i'm not sure, but i'm pretty sure it's a bug
i'm not sure, i've never noticed it.
you can boot from the hdd you want to boot from
i'm not sure, i'm just curious about scim
i'm going to reboot now, thanks again for your help
i have the repository, but i don't know how to get the codecs
i'm not sure what you mean by `` all programs ''
i'm not sure what you mean by `` true ''
i'm trying to install kubuntu-desktop, but it's not working
i'm not sure if it's possible to reinstall hoary from the official release
i'm trying to install jxplorer and get this errormsg : `` could not create the java virtual machine. ''
ok, so you're running 10.04, and you want to upgrade to 10.10?
you need to set port forwarding to 22
open synaptic and search for centericq
i'm not sure. i'm using gnome.
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to delete the folders and files
i think mono is a bit of a pain in the ass
i'm not sure what you mean by `` update ''
you can also try to remove the swap partition, but that is a bit of a pain.
you can run rkhunter from a terminal, and then run 'default checks '
i'm not sure what you mean
you can also use synaptic, it's a gui frontend to apt-get
i'm not sure what the permissions are.
i'm not sure if you can get it to work with 3.6 beta 4
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there are some other ways
i'm not sure what you mean by `` private ''
i'm not sure, i've never used pidgin
i'm not sure what you mean by `` auto update ''
you can ask in kubuntu-offtopic, but i'm not sure if it's appropriate
i have a network manager in ubuntu but i have to edit the file every time i connect to the internet
i'm not sure. i've never had a problem with plymouth.
dec 31 20:38:19 localhost kdm_greet [ 4894 ] : can't open default user face
i'm not sure, i'm just a mac guy
you can use the command line to list files in your home directory
i'm not sure if it's worth the effort, but i'm sure it 'll be worth it
i 'd backup all the config files, and then reinstall them.
i'm not sure what you mean by `` make uninstall ''
you can also look at the file and see what the format is
i'm not sure what you mean.
you can move it to the swap partition
i'm not sure what you mean by error code
i have installed gstreamer-properties and it doesn't work.
you can use the command line to configure your wireless card
i 'll try those two, thanks
i'm using the nvidia driver from nvidia.com
you can use ssh to connect to the server
i'm not sure what you mean by `` sound chipset ''
i am inclined to not believing you : there are other output lines where the depends are listed and there that number does not correspond to the number of modules listed.
i'm still logged into my desktop
sudo apt-get install linux-restricted-modules- ( uname -r ) nvidia-glx
i'm not sure what you mean by `` bug ''
i'm not sure, i've never used it
i'm trying to backup my data, but i can't find the backup tools
what kind of numbers are you seeing in the output?
what ip address are you using on the internal network that's actually routeable?
you can make a bootable cd and then use it to restore your ubuntu config
i'm not sure, i've never used it
i've read the page, but i can't find it.
try again after closing synaptic
i 'll be back in a few, thanks
you can use nano to edit text in unix
you need to install the kernel source
i'm not sure how to do that.
i have tested it twice. and what is md5 test?
i don't know, i do nt think it would
you can change your session in the login manager
gnome is the desktop, unity is the shell ( gnome has several shells, those are gnome panel, gnome shell and unity )
i don't know, i've never used it.
you can build from source, but it's not guaranteed to work
i'm not sure how to edit a command in cisco ios
i'm not sure what killall does.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there are some good guides on how to do it
i'm not sure, but i've heard that the nvidia drivers are the default drivers for the kernel
i have a ubuntu live cd, can i boot my existing ubuntu installation with it? please answer..
what is the output of : lspci grep network
i'm not sure what you mean by `` every 25h ''
you can also right click on the panel and select properties
i think you can do that with 'bash history '
you can use the command line to find the driver, or use the gui to find it.
i'm going to try to install the packages from synaptics manager
i'm using gnome, not xgl
ok, so you didn't use render?
you can use the wubi installer to install ubuntu on a netbook
what version of ubuntu is installed?
it doesn't. it's a bug.
what are you trying to do?
i'm trying to pull the server down. and it worked so far. thanks!!
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's a good idea
ok, so you are using the internal modem?
i'm not sure, i'm on a ppc
i'm looking for it, but i don't know how to install it
ok, now we have smbfs installed.
i dont know how to do that
i'm not sure, i've never used fglrx
i have a bunch of processes running, but i cant kill them
i'm not sure, i've never used it
i'm not sure what you mean by `` i did that as well ''
ok, so you're using a dvd or a dvdr?
i think it is a command to log files
you can use the terminal emulator to do that
i'm in sessions now, so i may not be available for a couple hours
ok, i will try that, thanks
you can use the ubuntu irc client to connect to irc
you can use sudo to run programs as root, but you don't need a root password
i'm not sure what you mean by `` 3 3 ''
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's a p2p
i had to use the ubuntu package to install the xgl driver.
you need to mount it with -exec
i'm not sure, but i'm sure you can order it now
i'm not sure if there is a place, but i'm sure there is.
i'm not sure how to do that
i'm not sure if you can get flash working in 64 bit.. but i 'd say you can try installing the flash plugin from adobe's site.
i don't know, i'm not sure how to compile it
i tried that, it doesn't save media, it saves only the website
i'm not sure what that means
i'm not sure.. i've never used a usb drive
you can add a launcher to the panel
i'm not sure what you mean
you can use raid to recover the raid array
i'm not sure, i've never used it
i'm not sure if it's stable yet.
i am not sure. i am not a kde user.
i think he means the `` new release is available '' option
i'm not sure what language it is, but i 'll try it
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there's a new upload
i'm not sure if it's possible to get it working with nvidia cards
i cant install firefox either and yes i know how to use pastebin
i just went into wireless mode, im going to log off now while i can
i'm not sure what you mean by `` remove the ms ''
i'm not sure if the sata drivers are installed by default, but i'm sure they are
if the file disappeared then add a new vm and select window7.vdi as your hard disk
i'm not sure what you mean by half the actual speed
i'm not sure, i'm using vlc right now
i'm not sure, i've never used it
i'm not sure what to do about those errors, sorry.
you can use the path variable to edit the path
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a way to do it
i have a panel that is locked to the left of the main right panel
ok, so you are using the full command?
i'm not sure what you mean.
you can use tab for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
i'm not sure, but i've used it before.
i'm not sure what the issue is, but i'm sure it's a hardware issue
i'm not sure, i'm just curious
i have done all of the above and i have found the movabletype package.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a pbuilder howto somewhere
i'm not sure if ubuntu1 is the same as ubuntu0
i'm not sure what you mean by `` upgrade ''
you can try the alternate cd, but i'm not sure if it will work
you can use the partition manager to resize the windows partition
i am gon na try it now
you need gcc-3.4, gcc-4.0 ( or similar ) is on the install cd
i 'll try that. thanks.
you can install the nvidia driver from the ubuntu installer.
i don't know, i do nt think it is
i'm not sure what you mean by `` lp account ''
no, you can use older kernels
please don't flood, use URL to paste, do nt use enter as punctuation.
i'm not sure, i've never used it
iptables -i input 1 -p tcp -- dport 80 -j drop
ok, run : sudo apt-get update sudo aptitude install pastebinit pastebinning pastebreading pastebining the output of : pastebin
i'm not sure what to tell you
i'm not sure what you mean by crappy quality
i'm not sure. i'm using wine with alcohol 120.
i am not sure what jack said, but i am not a big fan of dual booting
i'm not sure what you're doing -- i'm afraid i can't help you
i did, but it doesnt work.
you can use compiz fusion to get a full blown window manager
i'm not sure, i'm using the base system
i'm not sure what you mean by unused
you can get them for free with synaptic
you can try using the xorg.conf file to generate a modeline
you can install ubuntu-desktop with apt-get
you can also use apt-get clean to remove things from the cache
you have a second drive in the bios setup as primary?
i have no idea what hvirtual is
you can remove ubuntu-minimal, but it's not recommended
i am trying to install the application called xvidkap. when i do.FILEPATH i get this : URL
i'm not sure if broadcom had an open source driver. maybe you got it? i don't know. i have yet to see a broadcom wireless system work out of box.
ok now open that moomex folder and click `` extract here ''
ubuntu is a linux distro, redhat is a software development environment. for more information and troubleshooting on ubuntu please refer to URL
i've been using it for a while now, but it's stuck being orange
i am not sure, but i think it is a broadcom chipset
you might want to try sudo apt-get install nvidia-settings
you need to run it as root
because it's a file system, not a file
i have linux-headers- ( uname -r )
i 'll try that. thanks.
i was in the chat when i realized what i had done
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to get my sound working
you're using the latest version of ubuntu?
i'm not sure, i'm using the stock one
i'm not sure, but i'm sure you can find it in FILEPATH
i'm not sure, i've never used it
you can use the gnome files website to compile it
i'm not sure what you mean by block
you can use gparted to resize the partition
i'm not sure what you mean by `` nudge ''
i'm not sure what you mean by `` chmod 777 ''
i'm not sure what you mean by `` fix ''
i'm not sure. i've never had a problem with gparted.
i'm gon na clean install instead of upgrade
i'm not sure if it's a bug, but i'm sure it 'll be fixed in time
i'm in au, but i'm not sure what's going on.
you can use the man rythembox to make it run minimised
i'm not sure, i'm using gnome-terminal
you might want to add the line `` universe '' to your sources.list
you can use the command line to restore the pacakges
i dont see anything like that in the list
i'm not sure what you mean by user manual
you can change the ownership of the file to this group
i'm not sure if it's still a viable alternative to gnome, but i'm sure it 'll be
you need to add this to FILEPATH FILEPATH ntfs defaults, auto 0 0
i'm not sure.. i've never had to do that..
you can use the advanced part to set the refresh rate
right click on the panel, add to panel
you can right click on it and choose properties
sudo apt-get install dvddecoder -- seems to install the needed dvd decoder packatges for me.
you can use compiz-fusion to turn off metacity
ok, so you have to change the `` kernel line '' in boot process?
i'm not sure what you mean by joystick
you can also right click on the volume control and choose preferences
you need to log out and log back in
i'm not sure what the issue is, but i'm sure there's a way to do it
you can install bogofilter in your email client
i'm not sure what you mean by `` ubuntu for human beings ''
i have medibuntu installed. i'm trying to install the codecs for the codec-c plugin.
you can get a static ip that lets you run a mail server, or get hosting.
i'm running on display 1
i'm not gay, i just like the way u're acting
i'm not sure i follow, are you having issues with pppoeconf or evolution?
i have no idea, i have never used proftpd
i don't think there is one.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there are other ways to do it.
you can use mkisofs to rip a cd to your hd
i'm not sure how to do that.
you can use a live cd to test your dns setup
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's possible
you should have the same values as mine
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there are some howtos
i think you can use grep to filter the content.. but i don't know how to do it myself
i use ssh, but i don't use it
i'm not sure. i'm using a usb stick.
i'm not sure what you mean by master
i'm trying to install a program that uses bash
please don't flood, use URL to paste, do nt use enter as punctuation.
you can use your swap to store your ram
i'm trying to get the.pot file
you can use the command `` sudo dpkg-reconfigure xserver-xorg '' to get the latest version
you can drag the window to the left
i'm not sure what you're talking about
i'm not sure, i'm using ubuntu right now
i'm not sure what you mean by `` convict me ''
you can do it with sudo, but it's risky
did you do : chmod ax FILEPATH?
i'm not sure what to look for
i'm not sure what you mean by `` ubuntu support question ''
i think devilspie is a good tool for that
i don't know, i'm not a gamer
i installed it as an applet and it is in the applets folder, it is not on the list and can not add it to the pannel
i dont have a live cd
i'm not sure, i've never used the alternate cd
i have never used that one.
you can use the file manager to open it.
i'm not sure, i'm just a newbie
i'm not sure, but i 'd try the 2.6.15 one from dapper.
i had to install a patch for wireless on eee havent remember if i had to use proprietary for video
you can, but you 'll need to install the binary from mozilla.org
i'm not really interested in.desktop management.
you can use the software sources to install the packages you need
you can use envyng to install the closed 3d drivers
i'm not sure if it's pervertic or not
i'm not sure what that means.
i think you can install grub and let it pave over
i think this is the most recent URL
i'm not sure, i've never had a problem with it
i'm not sure, i've never used it
i'm not sure, i'm using the alternate cd
i'm not sure, but i think it's possible
what video card do you have?
i didn't say i was using kde
you can install the kernel from the ubuntu site
you can use iptables to open ports on the external ip
you can run flash 8 in wine, but you need to install the flashplugin-nonfree package
i'm not sure, i've never used gparted
you can use the system monitor in system-administration
i'm not sure, i've never used xubuntu
you can download the lucid desktop iso from URL
you can set the date in FILEPATH
i'm not sure if it's possible to get a really nice desktop, but it wasn't for me.
i suggest you to downgrade compiz not ubunte, compiz with this tutorial : URL
i don't want to update php to a version that will cause people's scripts to error
i'm not sure, i've never used mint
i'm not sure, i'm using the default install directory
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's a flash problem
you can install kde packages in ubuntu
i'm not sure if it's still used, but i'm sure it 'll be used
i'm not sure if import can do that.
i'm not sure what you mean by `` rsync ''
i'm not sure what you mean by `` does anybody ''
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it will be
i've been using it for a while now
you can use a console burning app, liek bashburn, that will make it easier. not sure if it is available by apt
you need to install the libjavascript-dev package
i'm not sure, i've never used it
i dont know what u mean by basic lan
you can turn off the firewall in the bios
i think you need to edit the xorg.conf file
please don't flood, use URL to paste, do nt use enter as punctuation.
i'm using xmms, but it's choppy
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's possible
you 'll need to install the gstreamer package.
you can also use the search function to search for programs.
i'm not sure about xbmc, but i've heard that it can be a bit of a pain
i'm not sure if it's possible to have accessories terminal always open with more than one tab
you can try reinstalling vlc, but that won't help
you can also use the command line to install the packages you want
you can install ubuntu on the windows xp kernel
i'm not sure what you mean by `` legacy ''
you can use it for compiling, but you 'll need to install the glibc package first
i don't think it matters much these days
i'm not sure, i'm just a newbie, i don't know what filetype i need to format it on
