err, is screen available in the initrd that the server installer runs from?
linux doesn't use ` ` exe'' for executable files. when you boot it up though, you should see the desktop shortcut
please describe your problem a bit more.. posting a screenshot of gparted will help.. the one that shows sda
when i tried to remove compiz that way it left config files behind
divide your disk in 2 partitions, then install vista in 1 partition, and ubuntu in the other. ( easiest way ).
yeah, and it shos on the grub menu when i boot up
i'm logging in via ssh, and i'm going to build some applications for him
the ubuntu installer can resize your windows partition
possibly also randomize, check remaining space etc.
i don't know - i have a python script that does it for me called ` ` identify and join''
look at the screenies his time and date system settings module is completely different from mine
do you know about nmap, the port scanner?
oh, i see. have you gotten rid of the ppa from your software sources list?
sorry, omit the final quotation mark (') in my last statement
nvm got it, it was a problem with my. xaquthority thanks for the help though
you've got the phone in the right mode? pc suite?
but the system manager says it is sleeping
thanks, i'll just cc you in an email later
thnx.. actually i recently switched from windowsthese days i was using fedoratoday i installed ubuntu through virtualbox..
oh in that case you don't need guithe server edition will do unless you want to use it as a workstation as well
i dunno if i would trust a system like that
i usually back up the files i am going to operate on before doing anything to them that im not sure about emoji
can you use a lamer x driver until you figure out what is wrong? someone smarter should correct me
now you puzzled me. i always thought that those ms specific fonts for wine get installed in filepath folder.
tkamppeter : if we start udev - configure - printer from an upstart job, we can do things like
another thing came to mind, maybe pmount needs to be added
you have not given the pastebin url
if you have a lot of old kernels, you might just want to remove them
it can be 713mb but when you burn it itll be under 700mb
if you are in hardy, i had the same issue and could never rectify it. it started after some updates a month or so ago.
the program you use to see the files on your hard drives
screen is one way. see man screen
note that he said ` ` thanks'', while sometimes, people just kill the windows when they have their response emoji
hmm never used such a thing. i assume you went through a setup on said machine to use the touch interface as a mouse or some such?
you mean multiple ip addresses for your single network interface?
server is fine, all the modules are ftbfs
man nc but also check out the readme : url
it's called ` ` mask'' in your ifconfig setting
ok, hold on, let me find this tutorial for you.
you can tar it up and rapidshare it
asked there, but noone answered.
i'm confused because i have the _ exact _ same card as her, and mine has just worked the entire time.
it's a channel were ppl use linux for certain purposes rather to be unknown emoji
well, i get a terminal login
use it, intergrate it in the menu
i don't know, there is probably a way but i've never tried
if it _ still _ doesn't boot, start the recovery console on the windows cd and run'fixboot ', then'fixmbr '
anyway.. what's the software to use with screenlets?
feels more like home to me, lol _
the reason i need to downgrade is that my screen has shifted about 20 px to the left and its all fuzzy and noisy
ubuntu - offtopic if you want my next comment this is a support channel and really its too open to debate but i have a long comment to make
are you reading off your windows partition?
now is a good time to be a gamer on linux
ok, do this : sudo grub, once the prompt loads : root ( hd0, 1 ) and then : setup ( hd0 )
id like to hear the complete sotry if you dont mind emoji
i will personally guarantee that linux will not make your windoze box worse.
the text mode screen resolution seems to be quite high, but only the top right corner is used.
so what do i do about 3d acceleration on nvidia emoji
you got ta be kidding? is this windows?
and nice to know that aslr defends against it emoji
one more clue my wife's account works fine, in gnome, only login to my own account doesn't work
put the complete filepath on the pastebin please
are you on a 64bit machine?
the packages in kubuntu are divided into various sections. see url
as long as you keep your home directory in tact, that's where all settings are stored.
i'm considering replacing a slackware server with ubuntu server, but wanted some perspective first.
how new is the laptop? latest laptops using intel chipsets like 965 and core2duo use efi bioses and pose those problems, eg with usb legacy option
so i have to find the scripts that loads the vbox module? how can i find it?
antivirus is something you don't need on! linux, except where files are then passed to windows computers ( perhaps using samba ), see url
i have auto - login and it just used the last session i had picked
i never used outlook, on windows i use gmail notifier so i dunno how outlook works
i guess xdm is my standard window manager. what would be then the command to restart it?
he was trying to resize a mounted partition. gparted wont do that
google is your friend emoji lol see it is also in kde configs emoji
networking might be a better channel for that type of question..
well, if it's one user, the problem is most likely in that one user's home directory.
default dir for codecs in upstream mplayer is filepath dont know about unbutu's package tho
bazhang is trying to help you.. he asked you to pastebin the output of commandline output of ` ` lspci''
that usually indicates a bug in main loop handling in the application
on free space on the panel, not on the applet
no m on laptop i m asking about my desktop
shouldn't be too difficult to try a few
you see if ls filepath shows more than one partition for that drive
like i said you might want to invest working with your command - line skillsi find that to be all i need
that'll recurse and copy the dir out of your home dir
you can use the alternate cd to do an upgrade
just looking at the install guide on wiki. ubuntu. com : d
install from cd is best choice more people do it, so tested better
ohcrap. have you tried a different program?
did you wake up, or have you not been to sleep yet?
documentation is to be found at url and url - general linux documentation : url - url
some older pcs don't do usb boot also
i assume you have tried ` ` sudo dpkg - reconfigure xserver - xorg - phigh'' and ` ` sudo mv filepath filepath?
i enabled everything. multiverse wasn't added =
ubuntu is the ubuntu support channel, for all ubuntu - related support questions. please use ubuntu - offtopic for other topics. thanks!
use chkrootkit and rkhunter. install via filepath etc
if you want graphics, than you could use konversation which is likely to be the default
maybe set up a thin client? url
i installed nvidia drivers when i installed the system
i think it's - r, not - r
the trick is knowing how to configure you're graphics drivers in your xorg. conf
haha, what the heck is the purpose behind zoom out?
try.. sudo nano filepath then look for start and add'never and'inside the parens.
it's not an entirely new driver. it's a specific hack for a newer revision of that codec.
seems pretty easy and package - less to me =
it looks like you still have to partition and format it
try using a different nickname and registering that
what is'aja '? and why the many signs?
i've used linux for 6yrs, i very rarely use console well.. i'm sure you were a microsoft expert when you used windows ` ` only sometimes''
well, you aren't root, aren't you? emoji
thats because you arent running it at rootuse sudo
i deleted kde.. it's not my cup of tea.
basename? huh. indeed. you're a genius! but let me see how can i there!!!
see above, filepath ubottu in your messenger, there can play with the bot
i don't understand. if you don't want to convert to kubuntu then just install kde packages to get that session option for gdm. : s
which one? i tried looking in the universe hmm.. lem me look again
it's usually a good thing to keep if you plan to upgrade
i imagine it depends on filepath you are looking
it will help you not to missell nicknames emoji
what are you so worried, you can have kde and gnome on the same machine
honestly, i would just delete it.. rather than disable it.
lol. then use the time wisely, and read around for methods of partitioning, what to consider, etc.
not sure whether last 2 messages came through, due to change of network interface. just wanted to say : it works thank you!
i'd love to hear more about your kvmiso testing woes. it works fine for me.
what's the filesystem on it?
i guess you didn't see the movie
oh nevermind, i thought jeos was still distributed as a standalone distribution anyway, i think you should go with the server edition
i've told you. kindly try it
if you can boot with another kernel, go for it.
um yeah, that's that it's there for but it should really run great on 512mb at any rate
4gb at least gives you some room to actually do stuff. emoji
but ` ` who'' gives me list of terminals, i want to know which one is current emoji
nope, it loads to the point where it detects cdrom and wants to load drivers from floppy
ok, i'll try ndiswrapper later : s
well, it's a prompt for some shells. like zsh uses it i know
see also, shipit. ubuntu. com, they'll send you one
so, anything from my xorg. 0. log? emoji
i think spamassassin is a service so it will need configuring
please pastebin the output from lspci - nv afterward, tell me the url
neither do we, we're just making it up as we go along
files won't get deleted if they are being used even if they aren't visible isn't visible
no you're fine. i'm stuck lol. besides i was in another channel.
dpkg - l grep nvidia grep - v nvidia - current
x11vnc works fine like that for centos
kuehlschrank use sudo iptables - l to see any rules
if you run ` ` screen'' first, then run the apps inside screen, you can use screen to filepath the contents of the terminal window
even just a couple of hours should be enough
check sources. list, run apt - get update.
i can't, no. but yes, testing it would be the best way to find out.
oh, u still on - line, so maybe u can tell me how to add this toolbar for music : url? : }
i need to find out if it would work on my computer xd
if someone set a password and you don't know what it is, then good luck using linux
did you install windows before ubuntu?
i just used lynx i prefer w3m its already installed and to use it type in w3m url
but its a bit jiberrishh to me
well, i never used gnome shell before
it is telling you that you have to devices eth1 and sit0
ubuntu haves a sucky gnome 3, use another thing, like fedora
can't i use su instead of sudo?
or does ubuntu not run ssh server by default? i haven't run it very long but i can't imagine a linux box without ssh server
cause it's still installed. uninstall it
if you have a debian system, use reportbug ( 1 ) or m - x report debian bug ret
wireless documentation can be found at url
shockwave is currently only available for windows. to run it under! wine, see url
no idea. but its asking me
and that it is filepath acceptable to edit a user's crontab in this way
madwifi is the driver for wireless cards i. e. cards with the atheros chip
put your sources. list up on a pastebin as well
sorry i can not help you any further
the tarantella gui shows up but my keyboard doesn't work anymore
do grep - l ld strace. gcc that should list one file. put that file onto the paste web site.
then if i log out and log back in, i get the normal ` ` good looking'' theme
going off my experience with what seemed the same problem yes, unless you can ask someone else that may have a technical solution for you emoji
they are not the latest in ubuntu
better if you tell me what you want and i recommend you a program emoji
i've done that without getting a good result.
you followed all those steps in the report and it didn't work?
i prefer opera, the ico'o'look much beautiful then chrome. do u think so? emoji
it appeasr that ati does not have offical drivers for the 4xxx hd series?
oh i found a website or two that b0rked it into that mode.
you can also take a look at the image if you like
it'll fix this list of bugs : url
you can install all kinds of window managers and esktops from the repos
the traditional search for apt is apt - cache search ( pattern here )
that's the problem for most windows converts, linux isn't windows.
you can fix the keyring password problem. let me get you directions
lol how can i not remember that?
sudo add - apt - repository ppaaddress change ppaaddress for the actual address of the ppa
i am going to look at a little program to see if the winxp machine can resolve the linux pc's ip address in the next couple of days
i'm hoping the 3. 0 beta stuff will be much improved, but i don't know its status
so i guess there is no driver installed anymore? should i reinstall it?
all commands completed successfully without errors?
like i said you several minutes before, the restricted driver is the more stable, while envy is the latest
be my hero too now come on
you can create an xorg. conf file and you can set the driver so hal doesnt do stupid things
do you want the actual traffic or do you want to see how fast it's going?
i'm on feisty, i am on the latest emoji
no. the external hd is where i am backaing up things from the gone partitions. i did recover ubuntu entirely already luckly
many people use unetbootin without issue, so i doubt it's an application issue
looks like various other machines are down as well ( changelogs. ubuntu. com for a start )
one more try, can modify your filepath to
is there a howto on the release process? do they say what special testing is done to the final isos and things like this?
normally, usplash centers the boot image. perhaps it's because you have a widescreen display format
no, what is the name of the app
ahh.. sure they are strong on market right now
your home directory is where all of your personal files are usually kept. for moving your home directory to a separate partition, please see : url
because xscreensaver was crap, and no one has written the settings thing again.
either set it based on your mac address in your router or do as this says url
please don't flood, use url to paste, don't use enter as punctuation.
i used it a year ago and it was buggy like hell
i actually presumed ubuntu had it on a default install, actually.
but you have to install truecrypt in the first place, thus a waste of time
i have that soundcard info you asked for
warbo ok i thought it was something like this
are you sure what you're asking is legal anyway?
i would be backing up to the same partition i'm trying to play with
yup. ftp daemon stuff works perfectly on windows.
ok good - open a terminal window and type the following : find. - name ` ` libflashplayer. so''
we all have flash most of us anyhow
i succeeded to have internet by typing ` ` sudo ifconfig eth0 10. 0. 0. 52 sudo route add default netmask 0. 0. 0. 0 gw 10. 0. 0. 138
no, you can install ( and simultaneously run ) both.
i need to use as'user'userland not a'root'userland
do you happen to have a linksys wrt54g?
but your system username ( the login ) is okay, right
did u install using adept or cli
you need to install the compiz - settings packages don't know the exact name, but look for compiz in'apt - cache search compiz '
what shall i do to make it work
hmmm sounds like an acpi glitch. did you do anything to change power saving options? or did you change the bios setup from defaults?
not all of ivman but some parts of it are handled by media :
my notebook is not in list.
xion : that sounds like it would work to me
when i say someting in the microphone i hear it on the headset
i merely told you to provide a more specific question
can you pastebin the output of compiz - - replace from your terminal to pastebin. org?
macs don't use any different services than linux or windows users
you know its direct rendering in glxinfo?
and if that works then screens and graphics should also
i had that same card when i first installed ubuntu last fall, i never got it working :
whats easier? i think ill just copy it.
go into your menu and jsut open another one
i didnt see the whole conversation, what difficulty do you have
your system installed is maverick?? or lucid??
you were totally logged out of kde?
i think the problem is they all switched to using libarchive and libarchive itself is the problem
unless you compile it yourself, its a little risky at the moment
select all where is that in synaptic?
did you understand any of that?
i bought a 6th gen. ipod in march this year that works with gtkpod
try piping it into ` ` less''
it's changed name to ttf - aenigma which is in the repos, which is why ubottu responded when i asked her to
stop being like rms, he's a hippy
i have never done that. you better ask someone else - try postfix
envy isnt a good solution but it is a solution
easiest way to fix this is to right - click on the clock ( at top - left ) and choose'adjust filepath
i had some problems earlier about the live usb not booting because my graphics card was arguing with the mother board so i had to disalbe it.
i know a lot, and nothing. can you be specific of what you wish to know i know?
type top and see what process is using up the cpu
yep. just installing that and rerunning k9copy will work? or do i need to rebuild k9copy from source?
select the jre then - you don't need the sdk unless you plan to write stuff in java
it is a irc client that is cli ( irssi is the one to use )
well it's erroring about your wireless card for somereason.
try : export qt _ accessibility = 0 clementine to see if that works
open synaptic, remove all instances of ` ` openoffice'', then go to openoffice. org, download the source, and compile it according to the install file.
but i don't any ideas what should do to change this?
my new drive is in a usb case, will clonezilla handle it?
p for priority emoji there is also pmedium for instance
then it's not per inch anymore.
you copied test. tex to your home, you did a'cd home'and'latex test. tex'doesn't do anything until you hit ctrl - c?
please don't flood, use url to paste, don't use enter as punctuation.
haha too bad. sorry i never had to deal with multiple video cards sounds bad, though
i suggest trying audacious all the xmms skins work in audacious and you can install it from the repos, it looks and works just like xmms
try : sudo apt - get update sudo apt - get upgrade
i'm quite a new immigrant ( xp - ubuntu ) - two months old. how do i re - install?
nothing except that it moves your distribution up a version number by updating everything to match.
what video chip do you use?
i'll give it a try your way, if it fails i'll reinstall not necessarily kubuntu
anyway, big thanks for time spent for me emoji cheers
do you have free space on the partition where dpkg is working
you mean in xfce environment, i could still run gnome apps?
why do you want to get rid of it?
i told you about the password thing
its just the start. once you get the hang of it you will love it
sudo apt - get install mythtv - frontend mythtv - backend see if that helps
ok. brilliant. thanks a lot!
but whatever you do it is essential that you make an exact copy of that partition on another disk
` ` your search query ` ` pidgin 2. 5. 5'' didn't return any results. please change some terms and refer ` `
i'm suprised you don't know gpg.
oh, was talking to punk, but glad it helped : d
amd64 is the spec name for x86 _ 64 architectures, it's just the name
i belive ffmpeg and menucoder can do that.. some how
have you enabled the restricted drivers for nvidia yet?
printing in ubuntu is done with cups. see url - url - url - printer sharing : url
we need a rebuild anyway for the new kernel, btw
ftp servers that you can only connect to n times at once ( n being 1 - 3 in most cases i encounter )
it is not advised to use non - ubuntu programs
like i said, the biggest thing is you need the ubuntu system up and running so you can run the commands that are asked and provide feedback
when you search for java - doc and python - doc on synaptic there are more, but those are the starting ones i think
do you have read permission on the folder and did you mount it with - o uid = 1000, gid = 1000?
your. bash _ profile should get called when you login to gdm if that's what you're using
just copy the commands under unencrypted?
i typed in the terminal gksudo partitionmanager
if you want it to be dynamic, you can add this : url to the end of your filepath
before you go, do you remember who helped me get my audio working last time?
then try ` ` sudo apt - get - - purge remove xubuntu - desktop''
what's that command to send a message to all terminals from root? tell?
lol i've been using ubuntu for like 1 day
ubuntu - offtopic and we can talk all about it
i was looking for that info to.. just read the comments.. it tells you how to do it
holy moly full build from source?
then i would test a live system first before switching architecture
i have seen'convert vbox to a real install'type guides but never tried them
it doesn't nowadays, by default
breezy is supported for 2 years or so.
i see a table. but it doesnt look to be populated with anything
i strongly recommend cut - and - pasting stuff from the pastebin - - can you do that?
yea. i think so.. then again my c64 was basically all upper case. or fancy gfx chars emoji
you need to edit your apache2. conf file
might be firefox 4 specific ; i filed bug 681003
gunna have some fun with gentoo on my other pc i have here
as a workaround you could setup your paritions manually without the installer ( url
try alien ( makes a deb from an rpm )
the left side slot works with 1 tweek.
yeah but how to get it in quassel
why would i even need filepath as i'd probably be using the truecrypt mbr.
well i'll see how it goes.
do you need any iptables rules at all, is what i'm saying
see if tar - cvf archive _ name. tar filepath makes sense to you.
good luck to you. i hope your installation goes flawlessly : d
switching to ksh, to match my work environment, is low on my priority list, but i'll get there, eventually.
uhh if you say something in the channel i really hope my irc client shows me it
you should never need to touch it
i don't think they will put wayland and btrfs
is there a quick way i can make it delete the text everytime you hit the button?
are you telling me qwerty actually makes more sense than dvorak?
i would go to the linux channel and perhaps discuss this there. someone may have a better alternative for you emoji
pastebin. com is slowhere. could ya do. ca for me instead?
giving it a shot to see if i can reproduce it.
if your system hangs after sometime you can use the noapic and acpi = off options during boot, it might help
it's as useful as it was 10 years ago if you run out of ram you need some place to page
i sugest you read the filepath of this channel and browse some of the links contained in it
well you could just insall the libdvd package without installing the restricted extras if you want.
but what if i want to set the system - wide language using flat configuration files?
where do i post the error message to?
did you try searching for the name of your laptop on the ubuntu forums?
he needs to edit the xorg. conf file
system preferences appearance then go to ` ` visual effects'' and select ` ` normal'' or ` ` full''
when i run unity from console it quits with the message ` ` found no decorator to start segmentation fault''
you can use 64bit flash in 64bit ubuntu, it's not buggy at allcall
hmm.. not sure what the diff is.. i think 0222 may be safer.
the box i'm on now is 64bit. abou 40 seconds boot time
make a backup first and you need to open it with sudo
you should probably join hardware then. i don't know if that's visible from the operating system
hi torch, the recovery cd is the one that will reinstall windows. there is also another recovery cd that will install the drivers
okay, so now i should try to look at that fstab file?
i havent ased but as i recall we are still waiting for filepath join ubuntu - mozillateam and ask i have other things going on here so i cant ask asac
the d means ` ` starting with d''?
filepath the appropriate bug with xorg it can be done but no one has yet
posting general information websites don't really help that much
works with the userconfigfile quick and easy solution..
what version of linux ubuntu are u running
you are on irc, i assumed you were connected somehow emoji
you can download it,.. link is on the left side
there was download for feisty.. so it should work with that even though i'm on gutsy right?
i think you have an option to save to session on exit
well, that expends my knowledge on the subject. emoji
i just read it and applied the change to xorg. conf emoji
never tried it, but i think so
this is an ubuntu support channel. if you wish to discuss _ anything _ else, please go to ubuntu - offtopic.
of course that only works if the client side actually has the means to update them
it will be in kcontrol or system settings, afaik
and look for ` ` network controller''
and you're using ubuntu 10. 04? with a 1280 wide screen monitor?
does the messanger server you are connecting to ping?
ok - will try that tomorrow. download underway
what examples did you try with your'[ a ] [ a ] [ a ]'suggestion from before?
if its an alt - installer cd.. yes.. if not no.. plus there may be updates out.. so i would just let it download from the internet.
tar will archive what you tell it to archiveyou can specify the whole filesystem, certain directories, or certain files
if you run : dpkg - l grep syss what does it output?
please don't flood, use url to paste, don't use enter as punctuation.
so the plan was to try filepath instead of uuid
it will detail how it goes about removing the program
this is another point this is the grat cost they will have
however, either way, you need a gtk2 theme and an emerald theme.
to install flash see url - flash 9 is now available in dapper - backports and edgy - backports - see also! restricted and! gnash
yes. i made it the same version number to trick for instance mtp - tools into accepting the right version is already there
not yet ; if the package itself is fine, we can work around it with a manual upload
hard to say with the windows.
depends on how they are getting loaded. you can make a. xinitrc to run exactly what you tell it to
i see initramfs - tools in the depends for fuse - utils
4gb of ram is a limitation of 32bit processors, on any os
you should ask in macosx they should be familiar with the dvds
someone who runs as root in ubuntu is not a newbie. somone like this is an idiot
and this is happening only in the nix session? tried yet in the filepath same?
i was on gentoo for 2 years prior to switching to this, so its not that bad
you might want to look into inotify - tools ; it monitors for filesystem changes
ohhand isn't it a way to use wifi? and get rid of that grey wireless networks disconnected thing in my network manager?
kde can exist quite happily beside gnome without any problems
the box my laptop came with sais ` ` wlan : acer nplift ( tm ) 802. 11 filepath is that it?
the pixels you get depends on the quality
how come vpn blocked? is it about port?''
try this : mplayer - vo xv movie _ file
what does sudo ethtool eth [? ] return for link detected?
i'm not familiar with kde or xfce, sorry, i only use gnome
i don't know, could you explain it?
you should only have to go through all this once
.. your clearly not intelligent enough to understand the context in which the comment is made. i will go back too scripting now.
and end up with working sound?
yes in gnome, unambig huh?
ok, i meant new years eve
if it has the nice 1400x1050 res screen, then breezy has 855resolution patch in repos to install. making it even nicer
qemu has a kernel mod and is extremely small and efficient
please don't flood, use url to paste, don't use enter as punctuation.
wipe random data? ` ` oh no! people can see my ( ( )! what will i do!?''
i use it to backup my 15gb partitions to a larger 100gb partition, gives me a life raft if i screw the distro up
someone is paying for online courses for accpac and wants to find out if the site is legit
i saw the first time you mentioned that, and i ignored it because it wasn't off topic, but thanks for your concern
i just tried sending some emails and it waited about a minute
don't know don't have access to it doesn't this something to do with pppoeconf?
they work side by side without any problem
url is a good article by a friend of mine on the subject
i dont think so.. he is using wubi for his ubuntu.. not dedicated linux partition..
look on the wine internet page, there is a source you have to add to your sources list. then you can use your favourite packet manager
the setup is, there are 3 machines : a, b, c, a is your desktop, c is the workstation you want to access
are the two machines connected somehow?
vmware does not have high resolution emulation, so if the games needed anything with high rez.. you're out of luck unless vmware patch maybe is installed
are you on 64bit or 32bit linux?
i can, whats the webpage again?
you have to og in when you connect so you never see the log in opage
go to url paste your text there, click submit, and give us the address.
when i try to boot archlinux it fails at udev events with this error
it appears i should be shooting for 96x96. should i just put xrandr - - dpi 96 in my startup apps?
heh, i'm just playing with. anyhow i got ta go, cya.
x isn't really capable of thinking on its own emoji
which tries to automatically repair everything that is marked as'bad '
well, that's how i got to ubuntu, but musn't assume everyone's daredevil
right click the device.. choose properties, and on the volume tab, what does it say the mount point is?
ooh, gotcha. methinks i'm gon na go find a good ubuntu news rss feed
thank you!!! that's exactly what i meant!
i would just do a search on how to install grub installation disk
it starts with f and mine is q
that's what it was asking for
you know a good one? can i use it for undernet?
could, but i have the disk installed on this system already
because it's normally filepath where x is some letter and y is some number
i know but how are you connecting the cellphone to the computer?
so the fd. o bugzilla isn't mailing me when there are changes to bugs i'm ccd on
at least i don't think so.. would be an interesting project though
yar. i've just been influenced by jorge's exhortations to fill those gaps emoji
and 5 alc is 10 proof = ] just that you could realy make that funny
i have to go afk now though sorry.
i use both wine and crossover for different programs.. i am no more for one than the other..
i think u can also help me a little, about my problem in my systen
a quick'apt - cache search print grep code'shows trueprint - pretty printing of source code
what os's are currently installed?
i don't need the caps - and you can't do that
it sounds like i joined a few minutes too late.
i guess it's just a matter of enabling that module ( see a2enmod )
just added this line to the top of my script'path = filepath
this is a fresh pangolin install.
thats like asking : why does playing games with high graphics requirements slow down the osits the same reason
no. 2. 24 will be on ibex
i was using it from my old osx box but i have formatted it since then and its now running ubuntu
take it easy, i missed the'- l'flag
how big is the original file?
you may have better luck in one of those channels
as in, you cant boot from cd2 then?
wine has a pretty good listing of what works and doesnt and how to get thinks to work if you follow the appdb link from their homepage
see the linux section of url for more info
i'm not entirely sure then. maybe try checking in one of the tomcat rooms?
it seems to be an ubuntu problem i wish they'd fix. those glyphs i only see when it has this error.
i believe the epia mobo has a chip for mpeg2 decompression.
the answer is that you can't do it without superuser rights
i guess you have the ` ` snow behind window'' actiated, works here
go back and install windows first, and then install linux, grub should regonize the windows partation when you install ubuntu
i'm at the setup wizard now.
has nothing at all to do with the ubuntu installation. they are on seperate partitions unless you used wubi.
filepath is a file i downloaded when trying something earlier
you seem confused. i was quoting bill gates. emoji
what's on the screen when it freezes?
aptitude has a very powerful search mechanism
thanks for assist me. firefox web browser
sorta. you could make clusters. but it's really not the simplest thing to set up.
with no previous knowledge, i would suggest you run alsaconf and barring that, report the hardware you have.
noyou don't install it. there is no point trying to back up a live partitionyou use a separate live boot cd with partimage and clone the inactive partitions
ok give a shot to freeloader, u'll love it
for the intel sound cards i had - i edited one0of the alsa config files and put in some setting so it never powersaved
_ ocke has it, there's a more precise term
programs - add remove - - search for java
is link able to start zope? so i havenot already any idea
not really, i could get through it with a install disk, but would have my fingers crossed i was backed up.
open nautilus then in you home directory and rename the gnome - backup folder in. gnome
i have the armagetronad. package, and i installed it, and then tried to remove and it doesnt work.. emoji
of course, i upgraded all hardy to karmic
a first person shooter filepath 3d - accel? bzflag anyone?
that might be it. unmap the volume keys from rhythmbox and let gnome take care of the volume
nobody will argue if you omit the change ; people might argue if you include the change
system - - administration - - user and groups
the primary one, you cant.. and in ibex they took out the session control tab
is that the error you got?
could you tell me the path where you have the. pot file inside your tree?
only thing i see in ` ` kde components'' is kde resources and service manager
yes, it is. personally think that it is the language for learning howto program, and filepath are languages to create an applications
i have 3 80gb 2 250gb and 2 160gb that i want to use. what is the best configuration?
ah ok - do you see it listed in filepath sorry about that, i must've misread.
i'll look for it. thanks xd
could you trigger a - server iso spin for me?
to see where your shell searches otherwise, type ` ` echo path'' literally
plese do never change the access rights of this file. this makes your machine vulnerable, as now everybody could get himself administrative rights on your machine
i can and i do, but people don't! emoji
basically, when i'm on any chat client, it logs me in and out of my account.
gparted will allow you to resize the existing partition ( s )
using 802. 11n and an intel 4965 card?
some rsync magic thrown in for good measure
i doubt it will be any different than what you already have installed
yes - you might try sudo apt - get install ubuntu - restricted - extras to get the codecs you need
otherwise, you can simply install the required libs using apt - get
you might find something useful at : url
ok, then it was not utf - 8 what ubottu was posting. thank you
yep, i saw that since they assigned two different soc projects i guess they should be a bit different though emoji
ok i'll have to try this!
i think it just finished, it says ` ` reading archive'' now
when it plays the mp3 it says : opening audio decoder : [ mp3lib ] mpeg layer - 2, layer - 3
i have rt2570 it won't do shit
hence, i don't suggest it
i don't think i have the patience for d - l emoji
i changed them all and my upgrade went just fine
use crt - alt - f7 to get back to the desktop afterwards
kso what is the game again?
could you pastebin the content for your filepath
oh!!! dvgrab and kino use raw1394 module!! i haven't one!!! how to get it?
send the nick a msg from ubotu please either! tell nick about fact or! fact nick
default xandros - fulfills best what i need
what does opera consume at startup?
konsole session would be gone if x crashed
asking the same exact thing does not a clear question make
what's the exact command you're using, and which ubuntu are you on
i used method 1 under this link to download the video and open with totem : url
what type of laptop? many laptops have switches on turning off wifi, or there is a keyboard shortcut to it
you won't encounter any problems running 64 bit 8gb? you won't meet that not even filepath of that
please don't play with the bots, or else also see! behaviour and! msgthebot
if you wan na back it up ( a good idea )
i'd use ext4 or reiserfs but if you really want to try out reading it through windows without fear of losing data, sure
you'll need to run mdadm etc by hand, but if you know the partitons you ;'ll be fine.
also, do you use tex fer writing docs with? you can remove them, and redo the updates and re - install tex again after.
i think they disabled the listening. emoji is how they disabled it.. not sure really - been a few mo since i messed with it.
nope. sadly not. i'm googling to figure out whether anybody bothered to create a deb for it atm.
is not system folder.. where is apply recursively?
if your using ubuntu10. 10 you can use nmcli if your trying to configure manually without nmcli you have to stop network manager as it takes over!
i think, this thread details the problems and possible solutions, i think : url
none of that seems to suggest an issue
anyway, all ibooks are newworld, so yes, it should work fine
set the firewall to allow'- m state - - state related, established '
it worked perfectly - thank you for your time! emoji
chrome has been around for 2 years and it's already has taken 3rd place as the most used web browser. about 14 of users are using it
presumably you're using a different computer? so describe the tests you've done with your problem server.
seems its the indicator - session package you need to remove
rather spam ` ` sudo apt - get update sudo apt - get upgrade''
but i don't want to do this every time!
not all apps put the icons there, you may have to add it yourself
i keep clean - installed ` ` false'' in my apt. conf and use apt - get autoclean every now and then
` ` installation finished. no error reported'' gives me the impression it did
did you use bittorrent to download?
huh... that makes no sense. i'm fairly certain it does..
if you can't login on the console, i have no idea how to get your system back working, sorry
im in, so you say.. lshw isnt
please don't flood ; use url to paste ; don't use enter as punctuation.
run ` ` metacity - - replace'', then run ` ` sudo apt - get remove ccsm''
ppas are notoriously problematic. and a beta.. to boot
there is a program md5sum it think, and on donload page there is md5sum numbers of isos
the server will kick them if the paste is really fast
fail, for someone who intends to break encryption
what sort of stuff prints out?
what is your native langauge, we seem to be misunderstanding each other
delete the partition you want to reformat and let the ubuntu installer partition and format it like youre supposed to.
ntfs - 3g is a linux driver which allows filepath access to ntfs partitions. installation instructions at url
there are many ways, first thing i would do is try to ssh in, if that fails then use sysrq
i've never seen a filepath driver before in filepath
reiserfs takes way longer to mount too which may be a problem for 1tb
amazing it hadn't been mentioned anywhere
can you upload the file to pastie. org or something
lol i have apparently no idea.. maybe a issue with gdm
you wont autosync a version that has - xfakesyncy in ubuntu, do you?
man, your question was simple, and you were cluttering it with your speech.
it is bad. you shouldn't be doing it.
and either of them can be set to look like the other anyway
no, i'm on feisty there's a manpage for xorg
lol what are you talking about? ubuntu is os x now, canonical might as well be apple
on synaptic i think there is a refresh button or something
well, it's not always that simple where do you got the package from?
chmod o - r was not enough for me ( or i got lucky on first try ), i did chmod 700
what do you need to decrypt that for?
i don't but ramdisk is easy
i told him xorg. 0. log.. which is correct recent dist - upgrade to hoary
i'm currently operating my computer without a xorg. conf file i moved it then rebooted my laptop. xorg 7. 2 doesn't need an xorg. conf file
you got it, just a minute
that's good - it means it's at least looking
well, first i'll try it, then i tell you, if it really works emoji
you really need a live internet connection for the ubuntu machine
you should be able to use the gnome - keyboard - properties to change it for you permanently
that update should have come through on oct 22.
is the cdrom entry in sources. list commented out? doesnt sound like thats it but.. never know
i see i just wanted to say that is an oo. org problem
it could be the notification area is what you accidentally remvoed
yes, i have no idea how to make the video, but can vlc play gifs?
well, if it's a live webserver, do not ever rely on any of my advice : d
but for as long as the installer has an option to do the entire thing in lvm, lilo support really must be better.
generally the swap has a lock on the os
i often just recheck with man emoji
cron. daily : 0anacron chkrootkit logrotate netkit - inetd standard
i did get it to work by setting my entire folder to chmod 777
some mb makers have built in bios features to filepath the bios from teh bios menus these days
in addition you shoud set sgid on user1 home. if you don't, all files created by user2 will be group - owned by user2 too
grub2 - normal old fashioned text messages - gdm.
then whats the point of having a. tar or. tar. gz? emoji
edu or u are the same except for the ltsp setup
i cant figure out how to use it
im on 10. 04 and im trying to get the files out of 11. 04?
ok tks will give it a try
it keeps taking me to the page url
is your wireless chip a usb stick?
since you are only using 3, you can just stick with primary.
im using cleanlooks. trying to make the kde and gnome apps not look ridiculous together
32 bit. the site tells you recommended accoring to the processor type accessing it
is your package list up to date? libid3tag0 and libmad0 are in main. you should get them right away
paste the output of ` ` ifconfig lo'' to flood
i see. well i just thought about it because i have a few friends that swear by it and ive yet to see it for myself.
i don't wan na copy and paste your xorg. conf.. just to look for some twinview option you have different than me that might fix this
he knows this stuff better than me. he's teaching me.
you were right emoji good man. smart man. have a pat on the back
wrong person to ask, i use nvidia
oh.. then that might not be the problem
to verify your ubuntu iso image ( or other files for which an md5 checksum is provided ), see url or url
i think you got to change a setting maybe, so it will show lucid
ok, might be a module missing, see if lsmod grep intel come back with something
you won't need a password to use the terminal
if you are running windows inside of a vm or so, probably. but it will only do stuff to the virtualized windows it is running from
it will say ubuntu.. option 2 ubuntu recovery
i do, but i also have to use ie6
system v init is no longer used in feisty
you still should not ask product key questions here.
might want to check first in case someone here has some wizard trick
no problem. i've already done a bunch of google searching too.
it could be a graphics card thing, i know my gpu handles boot and normal use differently
or you could you use the firefox popup thingy?
theres no better or worse it's a question of taste not quality
i think you typed the name wrong
have you used the package ` ` recover'' from synaptic
most linux distros - including linux - is not very friendly with usb devices, you might not be able to install it.
ubunt comes with the radeon driver by default, are you sure you don't mean the proprietary driver ( fglrx )?
i am booted into my install of xp
trey - is there a link to install mplayer without compiling src?
you could try a live cd of 9. 04, see if everything works with that.. if it does just install that instead of the dell version you now have
kdesudo is already in main, so i guess the package should eventually just be renamed
does it say something like alert! filepath does not exist?
yeah theyll be hearing from me for sure.. thanks for the help
disk filepath 320. 1 gb, 320072933376 bytes
odd, on my laptops the pcmcia slots work.. type lsmod grep yenta
can each system ping their own ip address?
it installs sucessuly and after reboot?
nah i don't think so, not with someone else five minutes ago mentioning the same problem emoji
no, you don't'lose'much
if you are comfortable using hoary, just upgrade
yeah, but i need to do one anyway
url its for feisty but read it carefully and the same commands should work in gutsy
if nm doesn't work for you you can try a more manual approach go to systemadminnet disable roaming mode for the wireless card and configure it
send me a bill, my new friend.. that fixed it.. i'll tuck that away!!!!
filepath ubuntu - cn you are not in there
get used to your new nice and amazing desktop
and i use both for work. only problem i had was recently fixed due to my bug report
ie : looks like a windows panel
you could ( as a workaround ) just use ssh emoji
try that command in a terminal window. does it work?
cos later, you can mount it manually with'mount filepath
pricey is different to filepath however and will take you to the same place. i know which is easier to type.
ok well i don't know how to set up dual computer geek monitors in ubuntu
nope, i said that know how to use status on synaptic emoji
im not the one who suggested iwatch.
im not talking about optimization of the os
are you sure it's not just x that is frozen?
might be scp - r, then ; take a look at the man pages
is the gem in the sys tab now?
understood and that is an excellent approach.. i try to convert most of my clients over to ubuntu and so far no complaints regardless of their habits emoji
fixed, thank go i didn't listen to you
have you thought about getting a vaginaplasty
vi on irc i have done - long and slowwwwwww
maybe it was me. have had the problem without finding a solution for some time now.
what graphic card do you have?
oh, so you don't want the xorg driver sorry, i misunderstood. i was gon na say disable the restricted driver and install xserver - xorg - video - ati
again. it is up to you. only you can make that decision.
try changing that one, then sudo filepath restart
i use wep and kaot said he uses wep and no problems
are you able to go to pastebin : i can get this far : url
try youtube. filepath and see if that improves performance
iceroot : i think that'apt - utils'package solved my problem emoji
looks familiar ; i'm perfectly willing to believe it's wrong
yes i would like to use mv, but i do not know how to tell it to move the contents of every subdirectory into the original
ibnarrashid, alright just checking. thanks.
nah, as denis leary says ` ` i dont have to beat them, i find waving the gun around pretty much gets the same job done''
my solution is to wait it out.
yup. you're probably, i've read some about it. let's see if it works. thanks in advance.
im not aware of any, but googling right now, as it is a'good aquestion'emoji
i cant let me paste it in pm ok
no, i love it. emoji
i think it could be an issue with the partition still having grub installed but no ubuntu.
excellent! glad to be of help
ooh yay, the blue systems page is no longer a black screen of linkdeath. : d but still won't sell me a kde t - shirt. :
no idea. i would guess the icon theme you are using is to blame
the main difference will be logos and pictures.
yes, if you started wget with the - c flag
just in case i would appreciate the build for 10. 10 if it won't be too much trouble
did you use the one in system settings?
i'm not using ubuntu's tools to build a deb, i'm simply running configure ; make manually
wait, the advice from n4xus was no good
and your problem _ is _ solved on ubuntuforums. org
but if you are not sure what you are doing, do more research
then why doesn't linux see it?
you're using mint aren't you
great, now i have to reboot and grab the alternate install bleh.
and who may i change it? if doesn't exist?
there is an mdf2iso program that can convert mdf to iso
fat32 on 400gb? yikes. i would probably make it ntfs and then make linux read the ntfs if i had to have it as one big partition
you can't get it to install or you can't get it to extract the exe?
and probably not legal, but its what they claim
btw, if i wan na use a command, how to?
not sure, you will need to lookup bash colors or something like that and find a chart
you can easily fetch a package's source with apt - get. see : url
ok. i have already defragged it. will try to apply it now
you need to find the firefox file in the firefox dir
yes but idk if breezy has security
one uses root's settings.. other keeps the users settings
. means'the directory i'm in right now '.. is the dir above that
the ubuntu team is proud to announce a release candidate of
it is working now thank you very much
fryguy : thanks for your help, i'll go and read up.
please dont suggest something like that. its a big security issue
it's just a weak recommendation. you can use 64bit. i have 64bit on my machine, my laptop, my htpc.
must i use the color package?
` ` filepath would be a start if you are using postfix
run this, please : sudo add - apt - repository ppa : filepath sudo apt - get update sudo apt - get upgrade
last time i did that, i screwed up ubuntu big time.
you could just figure everything out, and issue one massive apt - get command
i only tried it in opensuse, i didn't get it working. but then, its suse
oh, just looked at fdisk my self, when there is a in that column, that means that partition is bootable.
why would you expect one to be there? it's barely a freeware application, used to be shareware get the. deb from opera. com
after you update grub, you can check the menu. lst file to see how many ubuntu kernels are there without rebooting
i am glad you solved your problem and learned something emoji
it must be one or some of the screensavers then. it shouldn't happen if you set ` ` blank screen only'' and reactivate dpms
you choose icons from the ` ` creation'' dialogue
i'm trying to recover some pictures on it
adding on from edbian you really just need ( though not neccessarily ) a panel and wm
sorry im not familiar with your situation
if that's so, it probably does just what i said, but hides the process from you.
hm, you have filepath as last line?
thanks - i'll give it a shot!!
one of the sip tools needed a patch it was related to filepath iirc but in a much more subtle way than in plain c code
sudo is a command to run programs with superuser privileges ( ` ` root'' ). look at url for all information.
sorry.. should have mentioned this is on a non - x server
it uses ram in preference to disc - a good thing
no, latex is coding, lots of typing, and made to write rocket science with
im sorry im a bit confused. im very new to ubuntu. can i give u what returned
i don't get any information about driver = but my prompt became blue
in general, to start gui applications with admin rights always use kdesudo
this is out of the box, but i'll check. thanks for the suggestions.
look in filepath in the source package
just install kubuntu - desktop on ubuntu or ubuntu - desktop on kubuntu
you said your cd drive wasn't working?
not much in spite of claiming open source status.
wine is apparently installed but i dont see it in the applications or system menu
apt - cache search xemacs finds it for me.
ok - you can kill and restart certain processes, sure, what do you want to restart
can you paste output of'uname - a'please
hm, dunno, i'll google it up
i'm a terrible person, i normally avoid helping out these days in greed of dedicating time to studies
holy cow i did it man only thing is that i cheated
but i don't want it to be my default gateway, i want the modem to do that.
what i gave above is the generic instruction form the mount manual on how to mount an image
it still works, but i can not set manually custom resolution for the different video outputs
chromium is really actively developed, so the updates will go through whatever repo you use
err.. the ubuntu manual just came out for 10. 04
beautiful. that's the one! so your ip address is 192. 168. 1. 100. you using a linksys router?
is that by chance a blue - coloured slot the gfx card is in?
for win98 compatible apps, wine is very good now.
we need to use grep to search all files for ` ` clock''
you don't need to install an os on it.
if windows did that.. virus's would have a harder time.
i missed the beginning of your thread but there's an excellent program to find out what's using up your hard drive space called ` ` filelight''
ill partition and install anyway, just to give it a proper chance
thats how to update it to the latest version?
you installed from the repos right?
no problem its just not widely known
yup, had problems setting up the video on my work computer
thanks again, i'll give it a try
could i mount it as ext2 you think?
that you may have to add with you right mouse button
sorry, i'm kind of out of options..
my recommendation so far : ignore it
errr how would he do that while its frozen?
thanks, i'll need it emoji poff
the only known attacks against aes are ` ` side - channel'' which i'm not exactly affraid of yet. now i have to go.
then be patient, the devs are working on it
and it gives ` ` invalid format'' or something
if you don't need security, ftp
run the application under another user name
yeah its the default one that i use.. 192. 168. 1. 1
are you seriouse.. this is real bad man..
i was thinking in terms of drop vs reject
have you installed the glade package?
i now have to restart my x server?
try to boot live cd and become chroot
for that effect you would have had compiz enabled.. with the desktop wall or cube plugin ive never known plain old metacity do that.
nice movies : d i love india chicks, very sext
wow, thanks. i'll try that
i don't want to switch to ldap without some serious preparation. it would be nice, but that's a project on itself emoji
works for filepath filepath too if you like
i think i found what i needed looking in the man page online, thanks for directing me to someplace where it might be.
is it complicated, or do you have very little free time, or both?
please watch your language and topic to help keep this channel family friendly.
then use aptitude. what's the problem here?
it's fine there, i mean for future ref
then you should have a gear icon in the top right.
oh nevermind, that is what it calls for - than you coz! emoji
soyo agreed assuming the router is doing the dns
just the same code thats in the test. php file, its not formated.
can i still get the admin, can you tell me the package name?
have u managed to start the nfs service?
i didn't just try 6. 06, though
ubotu sent you a private message, if you read it, it will explain
that's a tty. you don't get a ` ` background pic'' there
check'sudo fdisk - l'see if fdisk sees it.. if so.. moun tit via fstab or command line
i think dansguardian will do that and more.
the recommended method is sysadminhardware drivers. uncheck it, recheck it, reboot and cross your fingers emoji
yes, i do understand what you mean. i used to have it on the right when i was in kde3 with xchat installed.
look at post 12 on that link i msged you and give that a try
what do you see in filepath?
was the monitor recognized in system settings even when the external wasn't toggled on?
if alttab doesn't work, you may be able to get to a virtual terminal with ctrlaltf1 to fix things. then ctraltf7 gets back to gui
dont flame me, i just wanted to help
as far as i know you can't install a running os.
its ` ` make distclean'' or ` ` make autoclean''
be patient, i'll help as soon as i'm done with these other questions
just installed that package and it didn't help
thx emoji ( at least you told me the same emoji )
oh, are you burning it as an image or just putting the. iso file on the cd?
i pass windows on first boot to get help on irc
thanks, i'll look into it.
i said file when i meant to type size emoji
sounds like a bad drive to me
just replied to your hct mail - enocaseylogin
thats someone elses list - i don't advise you use it, it has additional repos in
maybe is not there do this - - touch filepath
here is a link to a chroot from a live cd to put grub in the mbr. url
sorry yes i do have it installed but i wish to reinstall so that it will actually work normally
thats all well and good, but i cant partition it, it gives me an error
here is one for dropbox : url
what i am suggesting is that you look at your hardware and check the web and try to understand what is going on
look at all the options in the gui will give you an idea, gui is made to be self documented
and swap the 2 paramenters in the end emoji
boot into the command line to to type and backup your stuff
yeah, so you have three 59gb partitions, what are they supposed to be?
you are now the face of the ubuntu channel, have a nice day xd
k, first, open the game in a terminal, see what it spits out at you when it crashes
when you startx from your username, x will automatically create your. xsession file
do you want something like altnumpad on the wrong os?
the script should be using ( according to documentation )
letters how windows mounts a partition, linux mounts partitions directly to the root filesystem
maybe they changed the protocol yet again
says this : libstdc6 is already the newest version.
like the built - in zoom in and out function, just zooming farther out.
yea, not a big fan here emoji
is there something in the initramfs?
then perhaps you should try letting ubuntu reload one of its default themes and see if that helps.
well, it's not too easy to rollback packages in general
you could compile it to not need it but the standard debs need it
always paste to the pastebin site, never here, please.
yea, but then you have a huge gui to worry about. irssi is much more efficent.
how far apart are the client and server?
not yet. still sorting some issues out for people
i replace my old card with a new one, and it doesn't work.
press the superkey and the e key
the main usage of my server will be ftpd and afpd with 2 go ram, so it's far enough
i told him earlier to install glipper or klipper
but when i try to activate desktop efects y received and error message
there's a not on nvidia reenabling on the upgrade wiki iirc
it's probably easier to edit the sources file directly, can you pastebin your filepath?
none, we tried copying data over from one logical storage to another just to make sure it would copy
this tool might come in handy. use it with your public ip and test the smb ports. url
umm.. sorry my clairvoyant isn't available to answer that one emoji
blacklist the native bcmxx driver and use ndiswrapper
i'm trying to remember what it's labeled as under filepath
even better. thank you much!
way less documentation available on the internets? emoji
just enter ` ` xkill'' then, and click on your firefox window.
why do you have s in filepath emoji
sorry - no - never touched one emoji
it is so ugly when use ` ` system title bar'' option checken in chromium
if you get an ip it is more than just a modem. it is a router.
ah emoji. sigh i wish i was l33t like seveas
sudo apt - get upgrade will hold back kernel
it really sounds like the same problem i had moving to an lcd screen
you have to practise the diabolic laughing a bit emoji
to install skype on ubuntu, see url - to record on skype, check : url
it worked, but i got an error afterward
i know but after 5 days of trying to make things work spamming here is my only option sorry emoji
haha. was fun why it lasted then emoji
what are you trying to do?
by your last i mean the hda3 line
you can always use openoffice base, but then there goes that ` ` light on resources'' thing you wanted
yes, exit from the root login
cool. want to give me the missing features for apps?
no error just a greater than sign
do you wear a boe tie by chance?
i'm not entirely sure i understand the question perform installation ( which installs grub ) i also do it from ubunut - vm - builder though.
is it discovered there, too?
i updated the autofs5 upstart script fyi
basically i want to embed email commands in my script to notify me when tasks are complete.
the simple thinks is am need make authentication my video with ubuntu. just like that like
i'm checking it out, one sec.
maybe you don't understand the differences
you do have usable root access to mysql, right?
passwd root to set a password, then use su
on feisty sys. prefix is filepath might want to see if anyone here is willing to test on their edgy install to make sure it is a package issue
and the sagem. there were two modems listed on that particular page
here's another called alfresco : url
i used the sudo apt - get install gstreamer0. 8 - plugins gstreamer0. 8 - plugins - multiverse gstreamer0. 8 - ffmpeg command like it said on the wiki
obtain ie download or order the ubuntu cd
correct, that's 2. 6. 11 - 0. 2. do not use it. that explains your machine's freezes.
is the cd ok? have you checked the md5 hash of the image file?
i don't wan na look i'm not that good in hardware so i'm asking you
oggdec filename. ogg lame [ insertyourdesiredoptionshere ] filename. wav filename. mp3
well, it should work, looking at the permissions. did it start after you used chmod 701 filepath like amaranth told you?
your almost correct, try googling'grub error codes '
yes it spawns when i do grub - install
ubuntu 11. 10 ( oneiric ocelot ) release notes can be found here : url
let me know how that goes. emoji
i'd need to download that, wouldn't i?
that sounds like an error with your hadd
realtec chipsets work right out of the box,. which version of ubuntu are u using
and another strange thing, when i create a new account and log into it it works flawlessly
if that doesn't work i don't know what else to do then reset
i was hoping to use gedit because i need to config squid. conf and it is quite large emoji
you need to purge that old xorg package and reinstall the ati fglrx deb you made.
yes you must have it on a separate partition and not format that partition in order to preserve your filepath
ubuntu ( and linux in general ) doesn't use drive letters
ya due to sudo usual case is hiding scripts from users, which doesn't work if they should run it
and then when i typed sudo apt - get install xorg - driver - fglrx it reported some dependencies missing
i think that what you're looking for is on your home dir. inside hidden filepath
thats the name of my box.
shall i pm you the table?
im not sure what pacakge contains it
ah, ok, will try that
i find it hard to disagree with you.
how do you downgrade with emerge?
no i dont save sessions when i shut down i highly disrecommend it ( is that a word )?
if it was successful it should be available via url, did you select your apache server from the options?
it's a nice revenge for emacs not being installed on chinstrap
are you running an ati video card?
do they come in packets of five?
hit ` ` reload'' in the toolbar
i phrased that badly. ` ` as root'' was in response to something earlier
i'm honestly not sure why it does that, did it for me, but not my wife's pc
once i upgraded to.. 26 for some reason my compiz wont work, and my repos are out of date and it wont do any further upgrades
aha! i still have edgy!
for instance.. i want to run the irssi irc client from a ssh client but i want it to be online filepath regardless if my connection dies
yes, i need to create a bootable usb disk with ms - dos
well it made a folder called temp1 under filepath
if it gets bit - rot, it won't be cleanedit's likely to get worse, even if it's ok now
is your windows username on the ubuntu box? as you are using security = user
if you need suggestions for programming, pm me when i get back ( got ta reboot for the kernel update )
i had vesa on this notebook no problem, now with nviida the touchpad is acting weird
oh.. don't really know.. i kind of thought they would show up there.. no idea then
i'm sure that there are people who have some level of experience with them
i seem to remember someone mentionning an issue with broadcom, you'll have to look it up in the forum tho, url
so what fs is the hard drive in question using?
every system has weaknesses ; they may just not always be relevant
so what do i do to solve it?
ok, i'll try that shame that it isn't easily possible with just the ` ` normal'' ubuntu
you probably don't, since it should be on by default.
but the application, i would have to pay for
yes you can run opera in ubuntu, as well as other nice browsers
and its not like you imagine anyway, i would think..
yes, there was a master thesis that implemented a cdburner. but you would need to ask sistpoty about its status is faumachine already in the archive?
then my bet is that the device is write protected.
drivers are integral parftes of the kernel. so'rolling back a driver'means :'boot the previous kernel '
the people here are volunteers, your attitude should reflect that. answers are not always available. see url
there should be only one package named wine.
we can send you information on commercial support options. but we really don't cover - - teach - me - unix issues
it's not that complex. the issue is just that audacity doesn't like esd
ive also seen filepath that sync your main users wallpaper with the gdm wallpaper
secure socket layer that is an encryption
you might do better in hardware - that's all i can guess at myself
it's possible but chances are hich that you mess up, if you don't know really good what you're doing
save the random text as a file in your home directory called. say foo
you'd also want to check for an ` ` ifmodule mod _ php4'' section
try changing every instance of ` ` feisty'' to ` ` intrepid'' in your sources. list and see if you get lucky.
yes, if you run a firewall you must open tcp port 22. that is ssh by default
use the absolute path to mysqldump. and please remember if you do need to repeat the question, include your details.
there should be folder names in it. anything here is hidden. delete the name of anything you want shown.
i'm afraid i don't use kubuntu, so i can make any suggestion on that
1 gig works, but for no swap at all not perfect, i'd use swap on it performancewise
yeah it's an annoying app that our school uses to make sure windows systems are clean
what are the applications that depend on the sun - java6 - bin package? type ` ` man synaptic'' when you're in the console
it's a problem with your network config, not upstart
so does that mean i have to buy a pcmcia wireless card?
we discuss the ubuntu distribution in here.
that's funny. i only have a ` `. xsession - errors'' file in home.
aftet you put in the key and it failed?
and it is executable and you have the right to execute it?
8gb should be fine for running one vm or maybe two.
are you 100 about wifi printer has to be connected to my network to print?
they work well on other machines, the problem is not in the files
haha xd well i am glad to help if someone have questions, but none yet emoji not regarding kubuntu specific ones emoji
i'm happy with my nick the way it is thanks.
will make a note, so, after that nothing else i hope emoji
i have enable all the touchpad in mouse config settings. it didn't show up on lspci
then yeah, you must have hosed your config emoji
theres a mozilla - daily ppa ( afaik ) check it
agpgart, for one, is being loaded by intel _ agp ( if that's your arch )
- l is to show'long'details,'- d'is to show the directory itself, not the contents of it
yes, i'm using htop, as you suggested
szal and newnick, thanks for your help today!
ok, thanks brother. i'm going to check out.
nickrud : bimberi : right, myspell is the one i was looking for. thank you
you'll basically want to get really comfortable with the command line.
i've seen three different chipsets built into ` ` belkin f5d7050'' devices
when the update - manager ran it asked for an option i think i gave it the wrong one.
u need to consider what's in each repo and how much they overlap
ok i will check mit's site
it shouldn't, but it could be emoji
ahhhh!!! your trying to umount the root partition ie
check ubuntu web site for more. i got ta head to work. byee
next, sudo b43 - fwcutter - w filepath wl _ apsta - 3. 130. 20. 0. o
yeah, just remembered what year it is, are they trying to create some sort of 2012 scenario by tempting fate?
is there a reason you arent using the default kde package?
got any links? or will you be around for a while? emoji
oh hey there is also a chmsee program, that says it uses gtk
it works now. i notice that there was an update since last time i used it
you could write a script for that. if there is source then grab it or maybe there is a ppa for it
then leave, or use ignore your conduct is the problem
thank you man! i am recording in my 1gb device.
depends on your smtp daemon and your firewall, and iptables configuration and possibly bridging
isnt wubi something that runs within windows? i thought youre issue was not having a disc
maybe because i upgraded instead of a clean install
if you have already done that try to restart your session emoji
dont ask to ask dude, just shoot away
synaptic says it can not resolve the dependencies
are you calling me an idiot or what?
do lspci again without the grep pls and pastebin it
have you any more ideas about my dilemma?
put it into a directory in your home folder then set ld _ library _ path
i haven't done the upgrade yet, that's my problem.
why would it match yours, but not the websites?
right, but apparently this bug doesn't affect gnome, right?
oh that was for me sorry didn't realise since you didn't use my name
ill shut down an replug keyboard, first if it works i'll let you know emoji
if you build a more complicated server setup, then you might waht to think about firewalls
run the wget and sudo apt - key commands as shown here : url
its possible to get windows to filepath your linux parittions.
hmm, what is a 101 error again?
well is there even a driver loaded?
for ubuntu ppc, there is no flash thing?
perhaps your motherboard has a limit on how much memory it can handle?
. sh files are scripts, not archives
thx, i learned that lesson long before emoji
never uderstood it, you can install ubuntu then instal all the garbage which makes up a backtrack install and get support in the official cannel.
the directory has to be rwx so that people can actually access the stuff inside
actually the file went thru to my friend but amsn gets an error
check the unsupported check box - and the comercial check box perhaps and see if it shows up then
you are using totally unsupported software this is ubuntu support not everything else
removing meta packages like ` ` ubuntu - desktop'' will take care of most of it
whats new in the new version that you couldn't wait?
you do not want to run it as root
in power management there are three tabs
do you have the same problem?
i do not want a password less login
putty on windows and ssh is encrytped. windows software here : url
just breezy - updates. maybe that's the problem.
i'm not sure exactly what xubuntu has as its default applications
i would probably advise you to use debian, because docs exist that allow you to install from within another ( linux ) system.
i intend to dual - boot with os x tiger and fedora core 6.
i just checked ( i hate python anyway ) 2. 4 is default but you can install 2. 5 in edgy
i'm taking a look at the manual right now. thanks.
shouldnt the driver belike for my monitor?
so they are not mounted for sure
intel i945, 8mb shared mem, yeah, crap, i know, but i didn't use to have this high cpu usage.
you can post you filepath by running : cat filepath
yes i was able to connect before
sataii and im lookin at fdisk - l, its sdb2
i have the correct fonts. i can't sign in though
then its rather hard to get help
i just see : switch user, lock screen, log out, hibernate, suspend
ok make sure you backup the xorg. conf before you bgin so you can go back if x wont start i forgot that part
fair enough : sudo apt - get install nmap sudo nmap - sp 172. 16. 22. 1 - 255 ( then look through the list after the scan for the mac address )
put it in defoptions in that file
that's not making much sense to me
28. 2 was correct ( it didnt have subarch set at all )
if i make that default, no problems right?
ya its the common unix printing system ( i think ). now click add a printer.
annoyingly, that folder was the problem i had with the package im trying to uninstall. will try your advice
do you know what is mozplugger and if that will do what i want?
try to login again, maybe your ubuntu - desktop has been fixed with the - - reinstall
it's been a while, but you mean for switching keyboard types or just in general?
jai utliser filepath je pensai pas ke ca marchai sur ce server emoji
my install is done, going to reboot to my new kernel also.. brb
frostwire then there's the direct connect port.
zone files you got beyond my knowledge there
yes i updated to boot from filepath it works, but the menu items, does not work
just says busybox can not find my sh
so you just replace filepath with strlist?
yes. on the download page there is a small tickbox you have to tick.
then ` ` sudo apt - get update'' and ` ` sudo apt - get dist - upgrade''
then why would you use the ubuntu kernel?
where ever i mount it, i get permission denied
i dont even know what that is
yes, fixing it now. i did it correctly in my test version, but somehow the official patch slipped in
it might, but not if it didn't complain
mine hasn't changed in a very long time, and my experince is that universitys don't change that often
chances are one of them is a meta package. go with'glut '
if you want it in all of your gnome session, you can use. profile
hmm, no. if (! fontpath ) {
k, i'll heck it out. thnx
is this a disk in the comp or a usb etc disk?
probably you could synthesize your own benchmark
god i hope not emoji where did you hear that?
simple way to change to aiglx?
are we getting the ooo2 milestone without the conflicts soon, then? it's blocking live cds at the moment
if there is an update available ubuntu will offer one
probably - if you executed the file and it finished error free, it should be installed
however, i have used kde 4. 2, and i would consider it an improvement. kde 4. 0 etc were definately not.
is rockbox any good? how about on my ipod? what are the benifits of it?
it looks like 14006 is actually a gtk bug downgrading to 2. 6. 4 made the problem go away
i don't pensent que n'importe qui ici sait le franais, veuillez ainsi demandent dans ubuntu - fr
you wan ; t me to type that in the console?
i have amd64 but i'm using nvidia too ; i can always test, though i do like to avoid rebooting whenever i can emoji
try tab complete. it's alecb not alecu
you're welcome to continue using evolution, many ubuntu devs still use it ubuntu does not ship everything gnome does nor does gnome ship everything ubuntu does
only needed modules are being loaded. who suggested you to play with them?
i dont know, i have never configured a logitech mouse for dapper, check at ubuntu1
raid0 ( stripe set ) has now redundancy and should only be used when protecting the data is less critical than speed.
` ` hard drive'' is written just like that?
what is the package association for upgrade problems?
well, i think i may do a little reading before i decide on which one i'll at least start with. thanks for all you help!
tell me how you get on, they arn't 100 tested so there may be dependency problems
that doesn't work, this is a weird bug having to do with a kernel image trying to configure itself on a read only filepath
please don't flood ; use url to paste ; don't use enter as punctuation.
ok i just tried with all the tweaks in the link you gave me
now i don't get any warnings when i run sudo modprobe ndiswrapper ; what next?
kitche ah it did find it, i just didn't realize beagle had multiple pages of results
because i've a paper in pdf that needs to be read by my boss as. doc emoji
thanks ( doesn't your nick have one letter too much? emoji )
you should set up another acc without sudo access
yw, though i wish your screen supported more resolution..
i don't understand why you're using linux if you don't like it
i am trying to figure out why it rebooted
so for now making dir's with and chmod them with terminal
do you see why i cacouldnt tell you a solution, the list of fixes is vast
your package is up already? i can now do through testing on the laptop
it's somewhat unlikely that you should have to do that stuff manually.
no idea, i'd ask on the mailing list
yes, because i have the 32 bit macbook pro
yep, compiling programs is very ram intensive
not really, can you please use paste. ubuntu. com and paste the output there, then send us the url it gives you when you submit it?
and elilo is a part of the standard install cd?
you can also edit your sources. list but that might be really dirty
i don't have a clue, i haven't read the article you're reading.
woops, i'm a little slow today. trying to look busy emoji
well if you have to configure fonts that deep. emoji
not for filepath itself, but that potentially breaks filepath programs using on - disk transactions
it's not in the path you have to find it
does your iwlist see the router?
i presume the student will end up changing the project a bit
i dont use either of the apps
now, a question to you : what if john types'unset sudo'on his shell and removes my function?
hah i didn't even notice the difference
but still i guess apt - get would choose for instance ` ` qt'' over ` ` qt - 0. 99''
i have not touched a single thing since the last time i mounted a disc.
alright, i'll give it a look over
this time it has been deleted completely?
then some reference was lost this cycle
i found that name of the micro is penryn
how do you connect with windows then?
did you not see my private message, maybe i sent it wrong
ok can you give a pastebin of : sudo lshw - c display ; uname - a ; lsb _ release - a thanks
ubuntu - offtopic is good for non - ubuntu support chat
what do you mean by ` ` root mode''?
not sure dude, i always ust dump stuff there, let me search
if i were you i would stick to dhclient
do you have a title bar at the top f the windows?
yes. amd64 is for both amd and intel 64bit cpus
now, what is the output from sudo apt - get check
i'm stupid, what's pastebin ( the link you just gave is dead )
seems like you don't have a special partition for filepath resizing root could be worthwile, depending on what you are going to do in ubuntu.
i don't need to check f
you use the to send it someone
run 2 interfaces on virtualbox : nat and host - network
i would be suprised if thats at all possible with any os. years ago one could goof up monitors with the wrong modes.. but thats been ages.,
stata - se it's a commercial application for linux which installed in filepath
it's the second most important bug for ktorrent at the moment, another one has one more vote on url
there you go. it just doesn't like linux systems.
i am not a fan of grub2 also
glad you told me! shall i use g - parted then?
uuid are the same in fstab and grub
i think he meant use ubuntu instead,
i know but it might do the trick depending on what he wants to do
ok understand that with compiz and different wallpapers you can not have desktop icons and desktop right click will be disabled
yeah i'm sure it's just a matter of the modules not getting updated
yes i use gammu and wammu with my nokia phone, it ca, also send sms from the computeur
well if xmms2 is in the works i shouldn't have to worry
a newer version of update manager was available and after the update, an option of upgrade distro appeared and i clicked upgrade
what isn't working? what kind of error do you get?
ive never needed to mess with vga = xxx im not sure that sort of option even works these days
no problem hope that gets you going.
something with that number and audio device drivers
that wasn't clear : two v's is more verbose than just one v from what i have seen
so its supposed to be on the universe repo, isnt it?
now you should be back a a cli promtp type sudo nano update
handbrake used to be windows only. there are versions for ubuntu nowadays. check your repos
does your samba user have access to the target directory
i was the one that couldnt get 8. 04 to install and was asking for 7. 04 cause i knew it would install with 7. 04
it's a windows game, and that is how most of them work, unfortunately
which version of ubuntu are you using?
it's not the speed of clicking, it's the time between entering the applet and clicking on an item
where did u install it from??
the only browser i have is elinksemoji
do a sudo apt - get update, and then a sudo apt - get install gcc
ok, done that, and it gave me a printout of some kind i have data. tar. gz and control. tar. gz, and the. deb package,
you wan na see some cool stuff, install stellarium
could write a script to do it i suppose, don't ask me how
and ` ` izarc'' for windows ( freeware ) supports all those formats
you can add apps to the menus.
9800 was released early this year. when was hardy released?
wrong userdta? and you can decide after testing wether to write new config or not ; ; interfaces always overides nm - applet
no, it whines about ` ` no root system is defined''
thx for your artwork and thx to jdub emoji
the best way would be ` ` sudo dpkg - reconfigure xserver - xorg''
you have a wireless device that isn't working, right?
correction, alt - f7 to get back to desktop
sudo apt - get install acroread not work?
well, if there are any broken packages, it should try and sort that out
` ` commando line'' won't work emoji
i'm going to send you a pastebin for the audio device output via ` ` lspci - k''
hold on got to find what are they
type dir and see the exact name
i just want a pastebin of ls - l
sorry, i meant gstreamer0. 8 - lame, not gstreamer0. 8 - faad
that ought to mark all the packages in the task for install first, and then go through resolving missing filepath
pastebin your command and the result of'ls filepath
errm yes. while read - r file ; do echo ` ` file'' ; done filepath
that was my very rough estimate. i suspect it might be less
you mean the default fresh installtion. yeah i tried that but filepath don't work
in order to fix it, i was told to move over a particular opengl driver, but it didn't work how do i config acpi?
if you saved them to the cd with root permissions.. yes it could and it would nt really be a bug
also turn on ahci mode in bios, and turn off ide in bios
ahh yes here it is : url
thank you., thats a neat little trick
right, they say to replace it. personally i would comment it out rather than replace emoji
it has localhost than underneath ubuntu. lan ubuntu - so what do you make of that?
do you run ubuntu on your desktop too?
thanks for your suggestions! have fun. btw was your beer ` ` free''?
what system specs to you have and hwo does it run?
arts will be there in kde 4
gee, thanks. : - ). the system is about 4 years old.
okay, i'm installing it now
i think you have to do some module unloading during suspend and loading after waking up. would be an experiment i think but i think google could help
alternatively and easier for new users would be synaptic system, administration, synaptic package manager then search for avant
eh? dude see it worked perfectly for me url
just edit filepath and change dapper to edgy wherever you see it
not usually. i think there might be a switch to help, or you can try - v for verbose
while you're at it, you'll install an open relay for postfix, right emoji?
once on the domain all hostnames should fqdn, ie host. domain. ad
hm, neither'udevplug filepath nor'udevplug filepath seems to work ; but thanks, i'll play with it
apt - cache search gtk2. 0 dev - - will show you : libgtk2. 0 - dev - development files for the gtk library
ok, i had windows vista installed prior to installing ubuntu 9. 10
not many dev tools installed at all by default.
so far i changed to openvpn and installed on the ms machines also
ou haven't answered my question.
not any problems, its only a meta - packages
no agenda, i guess ; i last checked more than 2 hours ago
i want to use mainly the windows boot loader. so can they co - exist?
ok that indicates a broken symlink. did you say filepath exists?
what sound card do you have?
i mean, the speed argument is _ not _ optional.
thanks anyway. i will have to go look at the sources
i spend way to much time undoing customaziations various idiots hhhh people have done on differnt filepath
all i do sice i have had linux ( dapper was brand new ) is just update with adept
only thing else i would do is tail the firefox log while trying to view flash
okay lets speak it then which email client do you want to use?
give me a minute to make sure.
umm vmware server doesn't cost anything should get your facts straight
i had ati for a looong time, but went nvidia recently..
tune2fs - - help - - the - u option
but that's a bit offline, i agree
yah i'll just get the basics down and not worry about the advanced stufs
what are the advantages to debian over ubuntu? just a curiosity. lol
and not a data dvd made with disk utility?
you have to edit it with correct privileges : gksu gedit filepath
going to take the dive and submit my first patch emoji
added the metamode option, restarted the x server and now what? nvidia - settings says the same message, and still stuck with 800x600
or any of the dozen guides at thje pendrivelinux. com site
you can install ubuntu server filepath a gui
ubuntu takes deb's not rpm's btw
it is reading the track information now. i'll know in a few minutes if it is going to work.
i was thinking of starting to learn java
not in firefox but on your system under filepath
i was really hoping for more specifics than ` ` just remove stuff, but be careful''
i left my computer on a plastic like cover well silky a labtop and it overheated and then obviously it force shutdown not too good on my install
have you tried using system - administration - drivers
then, you need to read and learn more on locales and character encodings.
it's available on install, but isn't offered by default
i've used vlc and mplayer with my 950q
a distribution is a collection of packages
i answered to bsc12010's question.
just enter'sudo apt - get update sudo apt - get install smplayer'into a terminal
restart x11 by pressing ctrl - alt - backspace. and it will read the file when it starts next time
i for some reason suspected it was an old realtek
well, bios battery problem ruled out
find vboxusers - click preferences - add your user to the group
we've already established this is a net accessable server.
that drag window is only an option with compiz enabled. is compiz enabled?
god this is driving me friggin nuts!
is this still related to installing the java - plugin for mozilla?
you could always try installing from flash drive. i guess..
i use mplayer but mpg123 or mpg321
lubuntu is very light, xubuntu has more feature.
because when i had problems i it solved em
anathema!!! xd ( btw gambas is an ide it comes with its own code editor )
i said if it did backports would be screwed.
hmm i had to find them thank you!
once your sources are set up, installing stuff becomes trivially simple
if you activate after reboot.. you need to restart x or perhaps reboot.
that's right, just ` ` sudo apt - get clean''
yes sorry you have to deal with winxp
sorry, didnt see that last line of yours
the problem is fsck has a bunch of options to be analysed
i understand, but we must ubuntu testers
palimpsest didnt write anything for 2 hours. why are you talking to filepath?
or nothing you can't run it?
because it tries to go the extra mile to become obvious to users
it's gone, you'll want to investigate using either screen, disown, or nohup
that's not something you want to do
if he doesnt know chances are he hasnt installed 32bit on his 64bit os
i switched to the'nv'driver, hoping that would make things work better. nope.
use pastebin to show me what you get when you run ifconfig - a
won't matter what the host or guest is.
the ubuntu, kubuntu and xubuntu channels are english only. for a complete list of channels in other languages, please visit url
does vista still work or have you wiped it off?
i'll just backup filepath then try ur thing
my ftp user, is in a self titled group
i have both of the clients ips ( internal and external ) specifically allowed inside of the nas.. but that still could be an issue
i mean shortcut keys like doing ` ` esc p'' to search back in history while matching what has been typed
err.. wheres the splash and quiet options?
if people could process new it would really help
most antivirus software for linux is designed against windows viruses so you don't infect other machines
not sure where it's always setting the filesystem to ro
just log into a shell and type ` ` man ftp''
oh sweet, i'd love to hack linux while getting paid
until you have used linux as long as you have used windows so it is a fair comparison, you cant really speculate
i'll package it the next days i think and gambas i fixed today somehowit's evil upstream
that is a command : ` ` file filepath
you can either monitor swap usage, or live with the fact that if ever you do run out of swap, applications will just crash
it does indeed. sudo ufw disable fixed the issue. roar.
what do you mean? in the menu? if i do'open capture device'it show me the video but dont save on disk
there is another way of inserting that - by right clicking on the folder and ` ` add to places''.
it does - it's called ` ` notification area''
that question has been asked 10000 times.. i can officially say there is no answer
ok then move over to both the alsa and pulseaudio channels
why do you have a 2. 4 kernel? do you want to upgrade to ubuntu completly?
that might be.. humm.. only one way to find out emoji
sudo fdisk - l in a terminal will list all the partitions on all the devices
ahh, didn't know you hadn't tried that
and make sure the box next to the wireless card is checked to enable it
if your usernames are different, you'll always have to tell windows that you want to connect as a different user.
depends. just use the whole partition.
there's a sound coming, but i sounds like static and nothing more.
you didn't saw that link?
thanks, but that doesn't show up either, even after enabling community and multiverse
and you want to unmount it?
why would you want to do that? emoji
how do i do that? there are no folder on the usbstick with filepath filepath etc it seems it is coming from another place..
i'm trying to get my usb flash disk to work, i remember when i did the default installation it mounts by itself
so, if you'd like to use the linux entry for booting linux, you could recreate the symlink
a post on the ubuntu forums may offer more solutions
eh? did you see ubotu's response?
really!?!?. is the non - ose version free??
ok, but not line from last, i get 5th from the last
it doesn't matter i don't guess, both are recognized when you run commands
you think wiping and reinstalling ubuntu would fix it
whats the output of ls - lh filepath ( only interested in the mysqld folder )
there are plenty of games available for ubuntu
i don't know. you may want to just download the package streight from nvidia, install it.
i made it. i simply had to reinstall qemu - common instead of qemu. thanks again
i think a first start would be to stare at strace - f - eopen firefox and see if there are any write permission issues or some files not found
well tbh not really but the circumstances did not call for any post of the sort - - g2g be back in a bit
achoth : you can use flash for root and home, just avoid using it for swap and temp storage.
turn off the gui? if you're doing nothing with the gui, log into clt - alt - f1 and run sudo invoke - rc. d gdm stop run it with start to resume
before 6. 06 i always had to set up the raid 1 boot as 2 separate ext2 then make a raidtab afterwards and manually make the array
i was reformatting my machine and copied the ubuntu partition so i wouldnt have to reinstall it
thanks, i am trying to change it back, it still seems to work even after i unset it, do i need to log out?
true, and nothing sticks out there
just reinstall with the 32 bit disk
so you cant even run the installer
hmm.. sorry i'm not sure what to do from here
wine didn't run well on amd64 until a few weeks ago.
u're welcome.. leaving now.. cya emoji
i got it via torrent the first time
as i said, im getting sworn into the navy on teusday i likely wont be here
just checked for updates in virtualbox and it said i was on the latest
the tutorial made it seem as if there was nothing overly involved about getting a secure apt setup
your app settings are in your home dir
thers a way so it only does the data blocks to
or just use the damn foss drivers, they work great with all the discontinued cards anyway
good desition. don't expect too much from adoedia tho they won't support niche markts. blame the web developers which rely on flash
you probably have three primary partitions already
if you like the xmms style beep media player is basically a newer xmms
this reminds me of google talk looks exactly the same under wine
for help getting world of warcraft working, see url
try irssi ( cli ) or xchat ( gui )
how am i supposed to install using apt - get if after i remove knetworkmanager i no longer have an internet connection?
you can also use renice to set the prio after you have launched the program
for filepath video cards, see url
just need to figger out how to write that image to the sda2 drive now emoji
do you see your wireless network there?
geda looks nice, just read about that one
you can run gui setup programs on the server. you have to direct the display to an x server, but that can be on any machine
make sure to configure with - - static - - prefix = filepath
to make it permanent, edit filepath
still no conf or ini, and didn't recrate the. eclipse file, any ideas
does it say ` ` to install type sudo apt - get install gparted''?
i was afraid you'd say that
yes, but i only have a process name emoji
ok then lets add it to filepath
you can also claw back space by removing old kernels you no longer need chrome is the stable version, chromium is more bleeding edge
karmic koala is the codename for ubuntu 9. 10, due october 29th, 2009 - karmic will break - discussion and support in ubuntu1
i can't see any mention of apic anywhere in the vmware console.
sorry, out of my league. you can ask here every 15 minutes until someone who knows replies
that is what i expected, but wasn't that easy
hmm sounds like gnome - session isn't starting.
no, and i got a wireless 2 m from me, so i dont understand it..
yes, outside the local network. ie i'd like to be able to go to url or url or whatever
some canonical people are here, in disguise.
you could buy a disc from the ubuntu site
if you try to remove apache2 it should remove libapache2 - mod - php5 too
ok, i will check it now. thanks!
do yuou know where i can find a thesaurus version?
yes, i know how to do it from menus, just wondering why prt - scrn doesn't work. not really a problem, just curious.
note the word tar not in the name?
yes, but unfortunately you also get a bunch of stuff that you need.
go to filepath and look for sd0 or sd1 or such
smb acheives precisely the same thing, however if you already have ssh acess
but i'm using natty, so sources. list is a bit messy
you might have to blacklist the driver
it has a package manager to get what you need
wireless should not act up, it should just work, unless the issue is the wireless server
i am mounting the flashes only with utf8.
it's in one of the menus of the os window
there is aonly a config button to tell the mount and umount command
i tried url and it failed again, with other networks too
don't forget permissions if needed. emoji
please turn off your public away, we are not interested emoji
depends on the task, some gain speed, the apps will use the same amount of ram
delerium - sound now works!!!!!!! : d
dpkg - l grep ii grep nvidia file. txt cat file. txt pastebinit rm file. txt
it also crashed when i tried to open a wav.
i will, as well as a bunch of other groups it will need access to.
what softwarte? out of curiosity, i had the same error once
i tryed this glxgears just now it says from 7500 to 8500
the os is called ` ` ubuntu'' do you mean ` ` ubuntu
ubuntu is the ubuntu support channel, ubuntu1 supports the development version of ubuntu and ubuntu - offtopic is for random chatter. welcome!
i should have asked,, are you sure the partition is actually gone? or did you just remove it from grub. cfg?
shouldn't make a difference, but if you're running compiz, scrolling performance has issues on that card what does glxinfo grep - i direct say?
where do you have grub installed?
going to wait till sarvatt looks at my paist bin
compiz ( compositing window manager ), for a howto see url and more help compiz
atm hes using gnome without having much problems with speed, i think xfce would be okay.
on one of my pcs i get this : paste this url in alsa : url
and then : sudo mount - a ; ls filepath to verify it it mounts
yeah its a learning curve and not usually not worth it, but there are guides out tehre
try doing. filepath also whats wrong with the packaged wireshark emoji
udev detects devices and then assigns them filepath so the system can use them
yeah, don't paste it here
no problem on conecting, only when i give the pass it rejects it
cool it will show us what is where.
should be in the kernel i seriously dought creative even has any linux drivers to speak of.
oh, ok : my adblock. xml wasn't there. i copied my. kde from another system, but forgot to copy adblock. xml.
lower right list box lists kmilo you can filepath it there and disable it's start on session login
is the banshee in ibex that much better?
no, thats what i wish it did
log in and check, my cds were sent the 25th of may, and i got them yesterday, the 21st of june - - -
apt - get source, works, thank you
usually complex java apps have a build file
you should have waited and upgraded from 10. 04 to 12. 04. you must have manually changed from lts to next release. right?
ah, unrelated yeah, just chromium
as long as one alternative remains installable and the package works with it
i do recommend you install totem - xine and w32codecs
might also want to change encoding from utf8 ( unicode )
ok - just covering the obvious bases emoji
it's worth alot to not have to buy new pc's for sure.
then it's like you just installed it
have u started airodump - ng to lock on a specific channel?
i think we'll live with the basic desktop just fine
found the problem emoji i had the effects on in appearence emoji now its working ok emoji
lets see ls - al i think we are getting somewhere
you could tweak the default kernel in filepath then run : sudo update - grub
i can't boot my windows server anymore - - it doesn't detect my usb keyboard and mouse
if you don't know and you have 3gb or less of ram then stick to i386
reboot in recovery mode, ` ` passwd root''
worked like a charm. now how do i get rid of the old firefox? emoji
sorry, had to afk for a sec
nethack is the best for that.
if i put only the ` ` defaults'' he mount, but with no permissions for write for my user..
have you sudo apt - get install apache2?
right, i don't think i will be going with anymore amd, and certainly not ati
yeah, i know that. i just don't like it as much :
i'm actualy dead serious. pentesting purposes
does the server install come with x?
please watch your language and topic to help keep this channel family - friendly, polite, and professional.
i would buy mac over windows.. but over all im loyal to linux and im new to it.. been using it for 3 months
i have no idea. never dealt with vista.
i believe sudo restore'filename'will restore it but dont take my word, i can look it up if you want
i'm in kurumim, a live cd
to verify your ubuntu iso image ( or other files for which an md5 checksum is provided ), see url or url
true. it displays a lot scambles
obviously from here. but, specific conversation?
i really like kbear cause it lets you edit and save files on the fly on server
are you sure that you haven't set an incorrect filepath gateway in your ubuntu setup or got the wrong password?
it is the repo that has azureus
then someone answer the question _ and ben wanted to know the questoin, so i told him. read my friend, read
make : no rule to make target install '. stop.
can you identify your wireless card in the output of lspci? i bet it's ralink
yeah, i try to find the stuff that is actually of use
setupcon is a binary in the console - setup package only in 6. 10 ( edgy ) and newer
well on the vmweare website you keep on asking the same question over and over and thats okay but here are th einstructions :
i just used smbpasswd - a and then - e
hold on, there is a command for repairing pacakges but i forget what it is, hold on let me check
turn one of them into a hotspot
i don't know about synaptic, i don't remember does it do ` ` apt - get update'' while running
yeahthe repos is a little tricky to use o. o
is your windows xp install on a disk or iso file?
if you get the debs from the openoffice site then you cna install it
thats strange, whave version are you running and how long have you had the issues?
if you've done the work, please link to it have you read url?
it was above. ( not very far above. )
i know, tell em about it =
` ` that scott guy, he's just a fking little''
gentoo compiles every package it installs, usually, but like i said, either
ah, didn't see that. sorry.
it's easier to install it and remove what you don't need
regarding upgrading to breezy for a newer gimp, that's like um. teach a man to fish for killer whales.
i don't remeber, if it doesn't, the alternate cd does
pitti : i only had to add tryexec = jockey - kde to the desktop file ( in addition to x - kde - substituteuid = true )
for a desktop install.. root can not directly login
i don't, but c might. you'll probably have to be registered to nickserv to join though.
please post a screenshot if you think it's the wrong icon
try system - preferences - appearance.
it just uses unity shell, instead of the default gnome shell which is the'normal'shell for gnome 3
anjuta works for me in edgy. should it be broken?
i see. i don't know. i doubt it.
make note of what your router calls specific things by ip address
gksudo gedit filepath and these to lines to the bottom options snd - hda - intel model = 3stack enable = yes options snd - hda - intel model = auto position _ fix = 1 enable = yes reboot your computer
top - right. where the date is there is a speaker icon if you have the sound driver properly installed
like i said, you'll probably find your initrd is missing
what sort of machine is this? desktop? laptop?
yeah, that can be hard sometimes to figure out the name cups means common unix printing service, thus cups
the packages in ubuntu are divided into several sections. more information at url and url - see also! easysource
i use gedit, so i am the noob ( :
i can disable the driver ( just rename xorg. conf and see if the error remains also using the oss drivers
can you close the various bugs for fixes you uploaded in the last few days, please?
what does'getent group admin'say?
not sure - sorry i don't use ubuntu.
security fixes only, for fixes for majorly broken stuff
what tga said. go extend seahorse emoji
i'll try to check it wait a second
and how much ram do you have?
i need just a simple thing where i can filepath some service to be started in system startup
ok, but according to apt - get subversion isn't a valid package
highlight it, and then middle - button pastes
you ccould ssh in and install, then run x11vnc, which will allow you to view your desktop via vnc
do you see files that relate to wine in there?
how long is this mono compliation going to take? ( 2 - core machine )
no idea then. could be your card is one thats not supported by the driuvers yet. or some other oddity.
i want a ` ` reboot into xp'' or ` ` reboot into ubuntu'' button basically
hi, what are you trying to install?
and no name of the adapter?
how dare you say that about them?
exactly - right now it's 2 gb physical used, 20 mb 8 gb swap used
you can install it on a usb thumb drive too. i dont know how though, so google it
but why should that window leave it's parent window behind and be in a different location?
he has to do the apt - get update first, for the packages to be found
u can probably comment ipv6 out of the aliases
yes, i know automatix breaks boxes. i want to have all the _ packages _ it installs from ubuntus own repo, on a iso
how do i find my own uid?
it stoped working, i accidently changed some keyboard configurations, and i don't know how to fix it.
depends on what the. deb is, see what files it installed in synaptic
and filepath should have write - permissions for the current user you are logged in
eh thank's a lot for the help anyway
you have to spell ` ` crimsun'' to trigger the highlight, not ` ` crimson'' emoji
well, you just have to configure the card at this point. emoji
what error message do you get?
the listening ports are 6881 - 6889 if i remember correctly
fyi : if you remove the partitions on the physical disk, mdadm will vanish
you see the link i posted?
9. 04 got a new xserver, which some proprietary drivers don't support
thanks. let me go look at that.
the package description seems to shed some light
depends on what kind of printer you have
you should be asking this question in ubuntu1
open a terminal and type sudo nvidia - settings
no luck with w32codecs. same error
especially if you have a hot chip like a cpu soldered to a cold pcb - crack
can you handle ( often small sometimes bigger ) breakages and a fast update cycle?
idk, what it is it?
there is still the option of the minimal install as i started to explain.
change the mode to dock mode in the settings
i think you need to use regex rather than globs
if you would have to learn c in order to do it, it's easier for someone else to look at it, don't worry about it
i have read that. i hope to see some cool things out of it.
someone else already said it, but it's'wine itunes. exe '
it might not hurt to enable it
pastebin your filepath file for me please
jack _ sparrow i am completely sure it isn't running
umm, i'm not sure emoji sorry for being a noob
the 2. 6. 19. 1 kernel i have has support for tifm, but it is not enabled by default. enabling it is easy.
did you stop the x server?
a good text editor with syntax highlighting and maybe maybe autocomplete is quite superior to dreamweaver
generally, you want backports for upstream feature upgrades that aren't deemed important or security - relevant enough to warrant a mainline update.
ah ok that's more clear, thanks
and yes, in here, but if you want to always connect with a certain nickname you have to specify it in the client preferences
ok type : sudo aptitude install gstreamer0. 8 - plugins - multiverse gstreamer0. 8 - plugins gstreamer0. 8 - ffmpeg gstreamer0. 8 - mad lame faad gstreamer0. 8 - lame sox mjpegtools ffmpeg totem - xine
i'm a windows expert, what's wrong with windows?
what does it mean? ( sorry, german here ) emoji
hey, one more option. have you tried another linux distro?
i know, it's definatly a bad thing.
maybe i can copy the packages to you
those are all of the pcmcia wireless cards and how well they work with linux
or go the other way. what group does it mount as? well put all your users in the desktop group
another option is to reinstall ubuntu and windows xp, and copy files over
ok - so what i need you to do is mount filepath on your current system for me are you on an ubuntu livecd now?
heh, seemed ok to me.. even supports idle
i figured you would complete your due diligence before installing anything. but i think you would be safe to use audacious
getting the very latest version from the upstream author
the system i did have it happen on was using nvidia. com drivers. all the more reason to stick with the official repo in that case! emoji
how i can see how what and tell you?
dd will stop function correctly even if i did not make the backup with dd?
hm, networking is what? the gui, an filepath file, output from some commnad?
hmm.. i'll search some more.. be back in a minute or two
have you tried the wiki instructions?
was on hoary apt - get upgrade to breezy.
i'm still windows dependent, but i hope to learn a hole lot more in linux enviroment. everything seems so beautifull!
it should just tell you it is already installed
ah, ok ; well, i filepath a whole lot of things emoji
i want to do psuedo : if ( pdf files exist ) ; then
the root does not have a password you can do command as root using ` ` sudo command''
now i have maverick repos too i guess this must have happened last time
i think you spoke to wrong nick.
do a dmesg grep hd and see if it displays that drive
pour the wine in the cups and roll up the paper, can you more detail please?
i used to use this - - ` ` xset m 3 10'' to change mouse speed under gentoo
,, so i can't do that in bash at all?
doesnt exist in feisty repos, maybe you should read before judging
sounds like filepath trying to run an executable from an ntfs partition
hppa needs to have libgcc2 seeded in main ( essential package and all that ) - what's the approval process for that again??
the one filepath is auto - mounted ( 149, 0gb ), the other one is not automounted ( 149, 1gb )
ok. well, if sudo isn't accepting it, something is wrong.
i you want to upgrade off of lucid, then yes
networkmanager in 8. 10 ignores filepath which would be a usual place to define static ip addresses
the problem for the installer is howmuch spac to apportion
when thats done you should be able to find and install acrobat in the normal way ( in adept )
do u ever have to do any workarounds?
bad causes can be deserving too emoji
er,, no, the files in filepath are not what you need
can you pastebin us the output of xrandr?
zethzeth - r61 : sudo dpkg - l grep libdvdread3
then select the ` ` desktop effects'' tab and tell me what's selected
screen tearing is almost always a graphics driver issue..
that removes gnome and unity as part of the dependencies
and this error when it tries to run update ` ` a unresolvable problem occurred while initializing the package information.
you should be able to keep the files, and transmission should take over the download
that's the problem, there's not much written about it online. the grub menu was working great until i installed the ubuntu updates
i did that befero here and nothing the feature of switching the day of that calendar its gone since i dont remember wich version..
then turn ur comp on and when it does grub loading press escape
debian's got like 10, 000 cd's to it emoji
8. 10 is a nice release that's intrepid ibex, sadly suppourt runs out next april on the desktop emoji
ubuntu has the root password blank by default. it can be enabled though.
what do you mean'trading platform '?
you should ask your questions in public, without addressing me, that way, you will get more and better responses.
i know, it was more like two years for me.
it should fit on the cd, try using the over burn most cd - r can be burned to have more than 700mb of data.
can you point me something to start with?
anything that isn't support for the final versions of ubuntu that are currently supported, so that's 8. 04, 8. 10, 9. 04, and 9. 10
when i was trying to install the. deb package
5200 fx, 512 mb here, you?
that would be a good idea.
than saving filepath is a good idear, should save most of ur configs too
that's honestly the only suggestion i had.
are you sure that is your swap? maybe check with ` ` fdisk - l''
where did you get the above info? ` ` soundiiibeats audio ( tm ) and hp triple bass reflex subwoofer''?
hrm, after a full update and reboot, it seems fine. i must have seen some kind of intermediate breakage.
no, you have to configure them to be on the same network, and either use a filepath or cross - over cable
download this to a temporary directory : url
they are operator names, so they attend the channel to see what is going on and restore order
you probably won't be able to build it literally like they do
the card isn't supported by the ati firegl drivers
if you just want to be using the virtual console when you login or whilst you computer is booting up press ctrl - alt - f1
i did the steps, still nothing from xine
also a nice tool : but keep in mind, always your own risk to enable whatever
i really do forget, it was quite some time ago.
feel free to help others if you know the answer.
true, but makes some tasks easier
u need to rebuild your xorg if you don't have a valid one to replace it with
seems like i somehow switched back to grub1i'll try to upgrade again, thanks
lol i donno.. it uses the same engine as firefox right? gecko?
true. for something like an ethernet card it's pretty weird there are specific drivers
agreed why are you using crontab?
the only problem would be if another computer got ` ` your'' ip first, then you would have no throughput
that should be the stable release, indeed.
if you can use : url and give the output of : uname - a ; dpkg - l grep linux - image i can advise
that is what i am doing.
package k9 does not exist in hardy
i do not recommend using the ati drivers. if you follow the directions in the wiki to a tee then you should have no problems.
see'man xbindkeys'for some examples with mouse keys
come back if you have trouble emoji
yes that is standard use of filepath
to reconfigure your x server, open a console and type ` ` sudo dpkg - reconfigure xserver - xorg''
cause i got a feeling after running update - manager which did some updates related to ghost script i've lost audio
it should be sudo grub - install - - boot - directory = filepath filepath if it doesnt work then pastebin the output ( typo )
and in linux how do i disable freq. scaling or take manual control of it?
no, the techniques are not the same
so they get annoyed by the same bugs g
so in this, you have the button set to launch firefox yes?
ah, that might be the reason why the server version doesnt do it
that is about the login sound, not the login - screen ready
altf1 to get the menu then cursor keys to navigate you're not a naruto fan are you? emoji
in a terminale digit : dpkg - l grep flash then paste it in pastebin
if you want to install only from the servers you can disable the cd by commenting it out in filepath and then do a sudo apt - get update
depends on the motherboard you have to reboot the machine and usually press a certain button to get in to the bios
good to see the light, aint it?
rofl, nice i'm using that
nothing is muted, even in the terminal alsamixer
yes, after you installed the module - source in filepath, m - a autos the building process, preferred over make - kpkg modules - image
before you do.. would you do lspci for me
i am using fdisk so i get to choose!
there are many ip s for youtbe. i need them.
but i maintain chroot because i need to compile stuff for 32bit so i prefer doing this.. heh.. i dont need to have duplicate copies of 32 - bit libs then
actually, make that 3 bugs. that's got ta be the yearly sponsoring quota emoji
a classic answer : sudo apt - get remove irssi
but if you have a gui, use the network manager applet
the option came in list but when selected it said not bootable disk insert gfloopy etc
source - o - matic is a webpage where you can ( re ) generate your sources. list - url
0. 80 is the breezy version ; you're running breezy.
it's better to move than remove
actually wait it seems it does in clean chroot
if you've borked your permissions that much, why not backup your home dirs and reinstall?
i'd prefer that go through debian - dpkg i think
first 3 things are the rights for the owner filepath second is for group, third is for everyone
also, are you on 10. 04 or 10. 10?
ah, don't sweat it it'll break again and you get to the bottom of it emoji
what stage did i filepath a screen shot?
yes swfdec is active, and gplflash was once discontinued but they released fix in 2004.
increase the window width? ( if you are in the gui )
at the boot options of grub when you start your box you will see grub.. you'll get the change to insert boot options there ; easy enough
you could say that. its absolutely preferable to checkinstall
then you should remove the ppa from filepath or change'intrepid'to'karmic'if you wish to keep the packages.
when you get a chance.. read up on using a sep filepath partition
because of the mask, or a lookup on me here? emoji
you mean, private message? or whisper?
hold on. i'll get you a few links to launchpad.
it might need ls xargs - i unzip { }
the same channel will help if it is achievable ubuntu - xgl
the thing i don't know well enough is linux
what should i set the directories in tc after mounting it in dos box?
here is the error : an error occurred while loading the torrent. the torrent is probably corrupt or is not a torrent file.
ok then run : dmesg and read the last few lines
but you have to transfer the file and then open it
use'locate xsplash'- filepath emoji
try this : sudo apt - get install sun - java5 - bin
yea - i was thinking opera had a easy menu item to do it.
forgot i put that in another chat
wow, what's ur sound system?
have you tried a standard debian howto modem?
after it boots try ctrlaltf1, do you get a login prompt?
vmware in osx lion on a macbook pro.
i'm more wondering if his keyboard was mis - detected and assumed the wrong key layout..
interesting question, answer : yes. unr is more suitable for netbooks.
haha - i don't care - it's still cute emoji
make sure you have public read permissions set up
automatically would be waiting for them as they are released officially, manually would be to use that method to grab the latest of your choice
you'll get muted if you spam the channel with repeats
what youre doing here when youre a windows fanboy?
yes but it will run in gnome
it should work on lower level than file system lock mechanism
create a throw - away user account for propagandhi to try logging in as
too long manpage all what i want to choose my monitor and get rid of the sync out of range message!
what do you think about importing openafs 1. 3. 74 from filepath into universe, since what's in universe doesn't believe in 2. 6 kernels?
you can install it with ` ` sudo aptitude install gedit'' then
well, its doing something now. emoji
different critteria - ubuntu has it's license policies which i applied when processing it's new, and i applied debian's when processing debian new
this topic comes up regularly, to no clear consensus. use whichever you prefer
do you want to save the english language from degenerating : d?
primarily because linux isn't widespread enough to warrant coder attempts to crack them.
you need some bootloader on a hdd in order to boot operating systems on that hdd
i think i did it : d
could you make a pastebin of your filepath
find yourdirectory - name ` ` filenameyoulookfor'' - print0 xargs - 0 rm - f should work, with ` `.'' won't work
it might be equivalent to. aptitude update aptitude safe - upgrade
that might be the difference, yes
i looked at it, didn't find anything. and about : config isn't large enough to cover every filetype
ahhh, alsamixer opens now! yay!
the real thing is insanely long, but all over the web, just ask google
this is ubuntu, there are security measures designed into it
the sound should be emitted from the mainboard's pc - speaker, not the usb soundbox
for a linux to linux box.. you may want to check into that'freenx'stuff.
no idea, i always use smb. conf
however, i think the entire controller locking is because of me unplugging and plugging in this mouse, that's the common trend
you've checked the error logs what happens?
or go into kde control center and go to sound and ` ` test sound''
- - it seems.. as i looked today.. for this, that the repositories may not exactly have the gsm.. but gstreamer offers up similar
that sounds like the desktop environment is crashing. you might try logging into the failsafe gnome session or unity 2d.
i cant get the screen for epsxe bigger then 320x320 know why?
what version of ubuntu are you using? feisty?
e. g. is you are using zsh, the bashrc is not read
also if you hibenate and scratch the swap of win, get some fun then
is this your ipad. are you stil talking about your ipad?
are you able to run metacity?
then how can i listen to music?
are you trying to boot from this drive? will you ever be booting from this drive?
we can't always get what we want.
i don't think, lem me check
no, memory management works fine on linux
probably. get the gpu working.
anyway i got my problem fixed, i'm in xfce if you wan na talk themes
i see only that with ` ` qmmp''
oh.. yeah not that one.. thats what i have
do you know the command for a battery meter? or are you talking about the hardware one?
i tried blacklisting ipv6, but it didn't help any
note the added - m in the second attemp
i'll test a video file now.
jeziz. well that's all it takes from here. fglrx is definitely loaded yes?
so if wout formats his linux partition he should still be able to boot his windows?
really? is there any filepath? how do you mean also - does filepath exist?
possible and very easy. see the faq.
edit your sources. list according to the distribution you want to update to
try finding a new smaller theme with art manager or gnome - art
i went through the dialogue. do i reboot and see if i have any more issues?
not yet, but i had conflicting drivers apparently, and its uninstalling the bad ones.
oh, there was in mine. are you in dapper or breezy?
wireless documentation can be found at url
what drivers?.. ` ` check the kernel driver in use'' section
misc editors? there is only gedit
can you give me a copy of fglrx. ko?
nothing's wrong with gnome. kde is just another choice
i don't believe anything aside from bittorrent clients use it
you can install zenmap is a gui for nmap
but i'll do that in the evening but thanks for help anyway
is there a way to store such shell outputs ( i mean the descriptive ones ) into a variable? time is an example i used
can i not install a boot loader and still run windows if it has the boot flag?
i just did that and nothing changed.
i could be dead wrong, but i thought that service xxxx start was just a script referring to that command
ok ; thanks for helping : d
can you pastebin the output of : sudo dpkg - - configure capplets - data
good make half for ubuntu and your good to go after burning the dl iso
now what's your graphics card?
i remember changing somethings long back in. fonts or something like tat any idea?
( i just tried it with one of the 3 partitions as you can see )
i did, but grub legacy fails to find the kernel or the initrd files because they are on ext4 partition
i have gconf - editor open. what should i look for?
what is the mv command that i am attempting to do?
heh. the ubuntu 8. 10 cd works just fine with x meaning the video card isn't horked. sooo it must be some odd config somewhay
there are enough chars when typing [ a - z ] [ a - z ] emoji
i don't understand either, it works fine for meperhaps apt - get remove your previous version of flash?
my friends server failed to start sphinxsearch due filepath path missing
hoary is ready for general use ; we sent out an announcement to that effect
ok spare it out and just install the madwifi and the tools
is for me from several locations too
then you can roll back if something breaks
the official instructions to create a usb disk is to use ` ` usb - creator. exe'' which it claims is on the iso but it is not
the changes in filepath won't stick as they are in tempfs emoji
i am not the administrator : d
sorry.. i'm just aware of build - essential.. you'll need the linux headers for your kernel as well i believe.. but that's the end of my knowledge.. sorry
remove gdm from being loaded at boot time?
so, i have indigio installed in my filepath
compiz is proberly your ownly option for doing that for filepath windows. unless you want to clarify what you are trying to do more specifically.
what about ` ` user :'' instead of ` ` : group''?
no, not at all, i don't think you even understand what i'm saying
so make sure that you move the. cur out of the directory with all the. png's that icotool extracted and then use icon - slicer
that worked great. got a bitchx session that looks like its on the desktop now emoji
i already uninstalled emerald because i was under that impression as well. rebooted about 10 times since, but no change.
im asking him why he hasnt asked in there, as iv posted that several times
it's not that, i just can't follow basic instructions emoji
eh, do a : ps - a grep pulse
do u know how to solve this problem?
you will have to rearrange the applications to point to the new name
probably because some devices rely on drivers that won't load directly during boot, i'm not sure about that.
we don't support all distros, just ubuntu
i see, sorry, i don't know, you might post on the ubuntu forums
if it still fails, check whether there are some results of your compile attempt interfering
i had a bof with dilinger about it at udu
but then again im using konversation in gnome.
although mine's got bad sectors and thus is somewhat frightening to use.
i have the same card, and have set up another
the guide doesn't help a ton
gets you everything for x ( except some very obscure x libs )
just copy that file to bin path
check out'dsl'or puppylinux for uber - small live cd's they are not ubuntu specific however
not really. what are you trying to view ont hat website
you set ` ` put display to sleep when inactive for :'' to never?
it contains all packages, or at least downloads them if any is missing after the install is complete
there might be.. but i wouldn't really know where to look
it usually flashes red on that person's screen. use nicktab to get the nick
you sure the ssh server enables x11 forwarding?
it enters suspend but wakes up as soon as it enters so i guess i have to resize the swap
handing out credit card details is dangerous however you do it
then input your password, and when it asks, answer yes ( press enter )
having a seperate home partition is also useful
no, it'd be sda if the disk is seen as sda
thanks it looks promising. i'll check it better!
what their purposes are, and why i'd need them.
it's probably named something like openmotif or something
i dont think your cpu supports it
yeha the printer works it's just slower
you can not have 2 services listening on one port at the same time
np, thank you for the patch emoji
lol i need to get a new computer i ran outa hdd for a vmware install
i dont think ubuntu cares about it
install linux - source - 2. 6. 12, kernel - package, and then read the docs in filepath on how to build your own. deb kernel package
just got here from work.. about ready to leave.
was wondering where gnome stored its configuration
who knows.. it might be some hidden feature
ok.. im looking at url thanks!
did you type the command exactly?
just so you know crtlaltbackspace just restarts the gui. the sysreq key will in many cases drop you to a shell
have you tried running a ` ` hello world'' php script and testing it out on apache?
what version of ubuntu are you using?
can you run ` ` whereis java'' for me?
thanks, let me try that then
i asume that's after network manager lost your ip well that shows no dhcpd
i'd have to google for gtk probably url but my memory could be wrong is this a package with a version in ubuntu's repositories?
i just got an evolution notification that my call with keybuk at 1300 is in one hour ( it should be 30 minutes )
you said ` ` ( 00 : 31 : 14 ) bluntmasta : actionparsnip :?'' which isn't anything at all, it's nonsensical
my laptop only has a processor temp sensor and a video card temp sensor
if your filesystem is read only - you can't make any changes
yes, search for lib gtk dev, some name like that
that command tells us what you need to do to get your 3d desktop running
okay, so go to places home folder, and you should see it
did you understand what i explained to you?
you shouldn't kick me.. which service should i restart. ssh service or anyother service related to motd?
the localisation works fine to me. the partitioning tool is great too, but i prefer the good and old cfdisk.
ubunto dosent do'cutting edge release verions'like other disrtos do. it updates everything every 6 mo.
i had to do some song and dance with the modules too.. i'm looking for the page where i found the info
anyway, you have two ntfs partitions on two different harddrives. which harddrive the 80gb one or the 40gb one did you install windows on?
slakc doesnt have grub has lilo i think
mount your and chroot and install a working linux - image -'' package''
do you have file sharing enabled?
and you see a bunch of conditions, one on each line, separated by the word ` ` and''?
that's not watching tv, thats watching video through the internet
flash is proprietary and isn't very optimized for linux so there is nothing you can do except get better hardware
if you move to the unstable non - free you can update more often w more problems
an installer bug ; the partition phase doesnt see the hdd and just.. drops me to manual paritioner without any option other than to cancel the install
mv proberly does not do what you think it does. emoji
this one have also some valuable info url
ye but i moved stuff to the srive i don't want to lose stuff
any ideas on the problem i have?
what is it you're trying to do?
the os will use it as disk cache and make the os faster as you will use that instead of raw accessing the drives ( slow )
` ` sudo apt - get install lm - sensors sudo sensors - detect'' in a terminal
then try ps auxgrep synaptic as well.
it was promoted 2 hours before the code was fixed, so it may not have made cprov's list.
have you tried connecting an external monitor?
i save space and put them in a drawer
oh right, in that case sorry i have no idea. maybe in gnome or gnome - hackers on gimp. net
you can try running the webserver on a different port number
check your logs directory to see if something is eating your space upfilepath
please don't flood ; use url to paste ; don't use enter as punctuation.
well, speak for yourself i would say
why would u use that you need remote access to windows desktop?
control - c will get you back to the prompt
i tried doing that, although i may have had it configured improperly
maybe. he asked. i answered.
the hidden files are the configs for the programs you use
hi! welcome to ubuntu! feel free to ask questions and help people out. the channel guidelines are at url enjoy your stay!
url will have the changes before changelogs. u. c
port forwarding? can you see that? try'advanced'options
well, scsi emulation is deprecated with 2. 6. kernels
and what did you do before it started to act like that?
if you are having real problems altctrlf4 ( can be any f button from 1 to 7 ) and altctrlf7 to go back
you can try to force the monitor to display by doing : sudo xrandr - - fb 1024x768
that wouldn't include the various system - changes he made in filepath and maybe elsewhere
can you first tell me the output of command'sudo fdisk - l filepath it will ask about your password
not in the sense that you mean.. have you tried any other distros..
i warn you that i must go and get back to coding soon.
i don't think that's a big deal myself
uuid doesn't care where the drive is ( filepath it uses the uuids, which shouldn't change.
perhaps it's not able to mount the partition of filepath
you know how to use vim?
then find out whether it has its own memory or whether it steals ram. ` ` ati'' is not detailed enough
not tried, can't see it being that hard
your english is fine they are objecting to the use of ` ` shit''
it freezes at : enabling additional executable binary formats binfmt - support
oh, duh, openssl is a good suggestion. thanks emoji
sure you are. you just don't know it yet.
it looks like the text is wrapping, i'm unsure
how about the fps showed by glxgears
afacs the driver for the intel wifi is url it is very new, so it's probably not in the normal repos yet.
on the cd boot,'console = tty0'ends up after noexec
usrhost [ sun apr 04 15 : 00 : 46 ] gnome - volume - control
why dont you give it a try? url
but how can i get rid of that ati driver
any package, i get this problem with them all
does geometry ( hd0 ) help at all?
ok easiest would be to nuke the last logical drive
doesn't sound grub - related ; can i see the full logs?
he has older versions in his archives
nearly all the packages in the ubuntu amd64 port are 64 - bit amd64 binaries, yes
raid 5 spreads the parity across all disks, so removes the bottleneck
can i give you a hand digging that hole deeper?
sekyourbox, jolaren : the channel's administrators are doing routine maintenance on the ban list. please disregard it emoji
if the heat is really a problem, best to remove the drive and plug it in elsewhere for backups
not sure office would be better though, since it opens tiffs and such too
normally your first user is user'1000'thats his uie.
i don't see the wireless connection on the dorpdown
but is it shared.. ie using part of that 256
i read it but i've never set up a webmail service so i dunno
what does lsusb say about your hardware?
the arrow keys, up down don't work in kmix or alsamixer?
got an avi or similar video file handy?
bigger chance than getting one here. have you pasted your master. cf there?
thanks. i'll go try it
you think it could be related? i thought it may, but i cant be sure
ubuntu never upgrades a program, just update
because you don't have a full set of repositories enabled
then run : apt - get update apt - get - y upgrade
ooh okay emoji thanks emoji i'm not even certain that i actually fixed it : s i actually did it throug testdisk emoji
set konquror to report itself as firefox and all should work as planned
i saw a thread about it a while back, i think it is still only directx 7 or something but it's gpu accelerated
i don't know of a replacement for the sourceomatic.. sorry
so i need ndiswrapper? does it come with ubuntu or can i get it via synaptic?
the packages in ubuntu are divided into several sections. more information at url and url - see also! easysource
oh, i didn't realized you wanted to make one
of course it works over bash script but first you need to create a key pair and put your public as authorized on the remote host
then you need an ftps client.
might need to prod it, sigh
most likely you don't have an ssh server installed
it doesnt run perfectly, but i guess he can use it
you've download the html link, not th efile
so do'sudo dpkg - - configure - a '
i'm guessing, since i've never heard of this before. something is physically blocking the webcam
run find. - iname'libecj - java - gcj'2filepath ( between and without hashes )
did you just walk me through a bunch of nonsense about windows sharing for nothing, or does that stuff work for linux sharing?
i see 6200 on this list -
you mean how to enable root?
dpkg - reconfigure was never particularly newbie - accessible anyway newbies can use the language selector which lets them select their language from a graphical list
how does that equate to ifupdown understanding n - m?
it was released after ubuntu 5. 10.
you should think about putting filepath on it's own partition, then you can reinstall'around'your home partition
thanks.. just want to test it on a separate partition emoji
please call it by it's correct name
that way you can see where its failing
have you tried looking in the xorg logs?
a line to mount the partition at boot
i rebooted my computer into kernal 10. 5. 686 now what?
feel free to discuss it. you wont be hearing my opinion on it anymore
i do! but the wall is full emoji
okay. thanks for your help.
yeah, try running lspci and see if it shows
did you set a gateway for it?
so, i'm not sure how to pass the headers path to the configure
i read it as you were going back to debian, sorry
it doesn't. that's the point
did you uninstall the old skype first?
thanks i'll check it out!
i love you too, honey!
ah, there we go. shows how long ago i created a truecrypt filesystem! emoji
i tried disabling all the microphone settings
yea i have a 250gb, took me 3 hours
probably just need to twiddle some things to get it to work
i would say bill gates has done more good bill melinda gates foundation
yes its always the best choice than to regret afterwrd
oh, and i suppose you don't have installed any flashblock or noscript addons?
fwiw, i have an 8 year old niece who tried fedora and ubuntu, she ended up sticking with ubuntu
rhythmbox uses 5 when ur playing a mp3, i guess? can you tell what it uses when ur using radio streaming?
before you click install on the installation there is a advanced button push this and i think that you can choose where to install grub
did you do what the error message told you to do?
many thanks one more question that occured that was in the wikki and thats. set the full path to the binary in the variable cc :
it's a static version ( non - debian ) but as i said - it works on dapper ( 2. 6. 15 i guess )..
strange, maybe it depends on number of items in my bookmarks
( as in a major b - d issue preventing kde packages from building properly in main )
upgrading is one line of shell commands emoji
yeah, im using the edgy live cd. im currently downloading the edgy alternate cd. did that one work for you?
i think kde has a graphical front - end for apt called kynaptic, but i'm not sure
for future reference, this is what i'm planning to do - - cd debootstrap gutsy ubuntu _ temp url mkdir old _ distro mv old _ distro mv filepath.
what videocard and driver do you use?
enemy territory : quake wars or wut?
is elisa in the ubuntu repo?
. ok. stepmania isn't in the repos.
just ask what you're having problems with. someone is bound to know how to help, or where to go to get help.
no ; after the new filepath takes effect you should be able to create files in a folder your group ( s ) have w permision for
like the mount filepath filepath not sure where to find it in filepath
it can break on big files, as i said
i am a one man show on the server, no one else touches it
grrrrrrrrr! you bad person. you'll get banned just for that.
what you've heard doesn't follow reality or the developer's views
otherwise you can try pressing enter at the first livecd screen you get, to go straight to installation
' it'being the file you want
go ahead - you can toggle between them if you wish
ubotu told you something in a private message
no idea, try searching at url
every kde program crashes when i try to run it
i consider myself an intermiate user who is too lazy to learn everything. that's why i stay with ubuntu and debian emoji
now it makes sense, thank you for clearing that up!
if all you are wanting to do is make a custom iso, then ues using vbox youd install it without actually installing it, to make the iso
did you simply install from synaptic?
after installing cheese my webcam work very well with cheese
tips and tricks for raid and lvm can be found on url and url
thanks, never knew that! i'll get him to try testdisk, as gnea suggested. looks like it's good for recovering data
how do i change the terminal directory to desktop?
if you check under tools in k3b there is an option for deleting cd's, but not dvd.
yes, but the partition table is different than the filesystem
yes it could, i didnt think of that.
your ogirinal statement was correct as well, if a little bit toughtless
what irc client are you using?
how do you know im from chicago?
i'm thinking archive. ubuntu. com's ip address got moved, hopefully there will be an update to firehol shortly.
dependencies, i think. ` ` sudo apt - get install xorg - dev'' prints ` ` e : broken packages'' at the foot.
i took a look at the log on pastebin you posted - i can't interpret the issue emoji
heh he says he is from indonnisa, but the hostname japan
cedega is far cheaper than windows.
i am trying xwindows now will let you know about the result emoji
yes, there are cross compilers like real basic that can do that.
lots of places on the'net to learn.
cinelerra's website also has some free sample video clips that you could use.
well that's a solution too and yes in linux we have gparted ( i trust it more thn pm btw )
did you install any packages not in the default repositories or any ppa's?
search google for snd - hda - nvidia hp and see what it tell you
irc rocks but i am new to it.
what was that comment for? emoji
wintendo does not have the ` ` equivalent'' of chroot, because the concept does not exist there
its a ` ` creative live cam video im pro''
close it and retype sudo gedit filepath
and then from 6. 10 to 7. 04 i just replace edgy with feisty and do the same thing right?
i understand that, but i thought you were implying that fed gov't filepath standards
good to hear emoji you are the exception, not the rule i'm affraid
iceatea and sun - java shouldn't have anything in common ( really )
add that line under section ` ` screen'' in filepath
what version of ubuntu are you using?
wouldn't make much sense for distros to continue to
terminal is also using just a command line interface, not always a gui
no wait um windows will create a new primary partition to install windows on it sorry emoji
uhm, i can't really help you, i just used vloopback some years ago
right well i guess you could try reinstalling alsa or something
likely that entry is in the smb. conf file ine filepath
i haven't put any proxycommand there at all.
when i click on'create share'i should get a box to enter sudo password but i don't get i got the error above
why just use unrar to open rar files
i am not connecting to a lan
sorry, i'm not very familiar with ubuntu specifics. i don't know.
also i'm planning to test it's working proerly with the livecd before i upgrade and possibly break my pc too emoji
you can't. no system is ` ` secure''.
let me read up a bit if i think of something to ask i'll tell ya cheers
presumably there is a switch for versions that do not display by default?
` ` sudo fdisk - l'' to list partitions
that makes me think your card either card is dieing or just the memory is not working properly
samba is is the way to cooperate with windows environments. links with more info : url and url - samba can be administered via the web with swat
thank you. you can send it to 90 of members here.
indeed, have a look at your filepath file
sometimes irc can be a bit filepath for new users, too
you can find the dns in the connection settings in xp, i'm sure of it
if you knew, then why did you ask?
it syncs data between multiple systems its sloppy and not as sexy as ` ` cloud storage'' but works
press your esc key then press : wq
nopepeople can barely hear me and i have it turned all the way up
in adept, under adept menu - - repos manger - - reset button. try it then reload
please use unicode, your messages have weird, unreadable symbols and that makes it confusing for some of us.
please mark it for ubuntu - 6. 10 milestone and assing it to me so i don't forget?
thanks bud. is there any other way off the top of your head to obtain a machine's security logs then?
would something like that work with a loop - device? i need to be able to store the whole thing online.
the problem you have is strange, maybe pastebin your filepath somewhere on the net and give us the link
nah, you would compile on one machine and distribute only binaries.
if you want to use a gui, use synaptic
you must test them, you can statistically download an infinite number of files and never get a good one
canonical's hcl list tends to be useful for me : url
what do you mean by ` ` why as a text''?
i got my problem fixed i believe. i disabled my discrete gpu in the bios, so now i'm running graphics solely on the integrated i7 gpu
for simple programs try scite it has a mini - ide for c
can you pastebin the content of this file filepath
same url, grab both of those u - c packages
what were you using before? filepath
no, because you don't have to have a full chroot and run all the executables under emulation
haha emoji let me search the link
well their competition in that category wasn't doing so hot so it wasn't that hard to top
i have an ati x300 mobility in my laptop can you paste that again please
media library, radio listings ( filepath and some other stuff
no, just unop, no real reasoning behind the nick
visudo sorts out file permissions for you my filepath is - w for all, but visudo has no issue
please remember we like to keep this place friendly
i personally think kde sucks no matter the distroy
shhh. he does not know that. emoji sudo blkid
thats all i can do, work with the info you give
i've actually seen this now quite a few times ( filepath middle ide pin on motherboard )
ive got to go, be back in 5 minutes emoji
now that i think on it, the person is using apt - cacher - ng as the proxy, it could be an apt - cacher - ng issue
to find out why my wifi doesn't connect with wpa enabled.
` ` free - m'' states the figures in megabytes ( mebibytes specifically )
ok im gon na let this finish while i do something quick, back in a little bitthank u for all you've helped my friend
there are more and better low - resource wmsnow than there were 5 years ago.
meh, worth a shot i guess.. that still uses dhclient though doesn't it?
google seems to be suggesting it's not too hard, but i haven't found ( after a very brief search ) a guide for you.
my vote is with jangari more beer
in any of the device sections, identifier might be the name of your card or something
ntfs is very hard to reverse - engineer. there will be write support in 2. 6. 15 though.
ah well i'm talking 20 gigs files like virtual machines. but xfs is still better for gigabyte files
no it's not. you should try xmonad : d
well you probably want to remove that by running the uninstall script in filepath and install instead via sysadminhardware drivers
good idea emoji sudo apt - get update sudo apt - get dist - upgrade i believe
leave it at the desktop - - at a terminal run these commands - - cd filepath chmod ax file. bin ;. filepath
ubuntu - offtopic for further discussion, but no. encryption is reversible. what is stored is a hash, which is not reversible.
or run grep also on client ( via package script )
' lcd'will change directories in the local machine.
i tried everything, it always failed to install any package, and am serious.
well, needing help and an open position are two different things, although they may be connected
it's a kernel thing if the mouse freezes and alt print screen reisub doesn't work
don't use gaim. it's not ready for anything i would say.
e. g, read this tutorial. url
this really is not the proper channel for that
which one? most of them are in repository
then, poof, that terminal is effectively logged in as root
yeah - i checked it out. it's a different protocol
and since abiword is a xubuntu dependancy
well i think aiglx is already with the xorg server, and xglwelli'm not sure
okay try this, in the console type lsmodgrep ndiswrapper
might have been a result of reviewing something the launchpad guys were doing, yes
you'll find it easier to manage and cause less problems
sorry if this reply sounds vain : url choose your manufacture and read on, if you like
i believe nilsma's error is saying - read only file system, or file
thank you very much for the help! i spent a long time wrestling with that..
and you can make new partitions on the fly easily right? ( in the partition manager, iirc )
yup. i'm back upstairs already.
dr _ willis could be a multi drive computer?
were you running ` ` mount - a'' as a regular user or as root?
it doesn't work for me :
the driver re - installation was very recent.
so help on where to look or how to start generating an equivalent of debug output on ubuntu
i would like to look at the resolutions
you just became my new best friend.
what i have is filepath and which i want to add to the list of dm s
it'd be at launchpad. that's the bugtracker for ubuntu
well yes, i believed the disk editor in the system menu was gparted
please read the channel topic whenever you enter, as it contains important information. to view it at any time after joining, simply type filepath
diggin on it now! thanks much
simply try loggin out and then loggin back in again. then try and 1st play the file the worked originally?
mais novo in portuguse, should be similar in spanish i hope
i take it the extra step emoji 25 hours a day : d
hmm i don't play any, but why not
true i hope amd holds up for their 3 year warranty
will preloed help even if the laptop only has 512mb ram? the laptopt swaps if i have just started and opened firefox for the first time
i am a noob,, but try man sendmail
same as the other apt disrtos, apt - get update, and start installing.
there's one on the ubuntu wiki
appers ` ` playing wave'filepath : signed 16 bit little endian, rate 48000 hz, mono
modprobe rt2500 works on previous ubuntu release
that you have to do in the gconf - editor, but an easier way is to get the tool ` ` ubuntu - tweak'', just google for it
its even weirder, the article i read said that there'd be one ppc and one x86 in each box
sun - java - 6 what? this doesnt exist.
that wiki. ubuntu. filepath link was exactly what i was looking for. thanks again.
yes ; filepath has a really simple format that probably can be adapted easily
not really, even administrators need support sometimes
it probably doesn't strip stuff of, just looks in a different place.
how do you mean exactly - if this acpi - support - base is not available - how do i install it?
use apt - get dist - upgrade, the'upgrade'argument will not pull in packages that have new dependencies, such as linux - image pulling in a new depedency of linux - image - version.
compile with the ` ` - lm'' flag
why just not ask how do i mount my ipod get right to the specifics
amd has stopped the ati drivers long ago ( decade ) default vesa is the best for l - ubuntu, ubuntu, x - ubuntu etc..
regardless of your choice : please do not advise against user security policy and create a root password, please see! rootsudo
which keyboard, just plain ` ` usa''?
you wouldn't be trying to login as root, would you?
plus theres no excuse as usb drives are so cheap
just type into the address bar : url
just curious on the'exec'option on fstab, does it apply to all files and folders in a partition?
ok, i'm gon na try restarting
some keyboards are subsets of one another
that page tells you how to actually fix grub, rather than how ` ` you'' think you fix grub
and one for swap as dr _ willis says
yes, but calling that flight cd 7, not beta ; and perhaps we might want to do that next week
thanks but i dont know the name :
the website will, you can install any of those games once you install the deb file
v4vendetta the mixer was the first thing i checked, both in x and in the terminal
hmm it didn't for me.
however it is not quite the same emoji
i've been using linux for over 4 years though, so i know my way around.. just not ubuntu - specific
ntfs - 3g is a linux driver which allows filepath access to ntfs partitions. installation instructions at url
url is another option ( though flash is not difficult to install ).
i didnt see the gimp one earlier
who spoke about a network connection? he spoke about a gdmflexiserver new login
you have the gcc, it's not a kernel compile, and i've never compiled wine.
there is a huge differene between technical and mind share
hehnow the family won't get on
very true.. he's green.. that's why it was an offhand comment and not a recommendation..
( ee ) nvidia ( 0 ) : failed to load the nvidia kernel module!
and i'm sure you'll find users of it there
sudo apt - get install gparted or look with file yourfile. zip what it is really and extract it
or you can compile your own package
i tested my command, it works with files with spaces
there are lots of different chips that say intel hd audio on them, but not all of them are created equal
its not documentation, its a problem in my domain emoji
i use ubuntustudio and dont have vim installed by default, vi is
yes it is. emoji i said so 3 times now emoji but not for all videos. emoji
tab is probably the single most useful key in your irc client
you can use the default client, though most avoid it and use transmission deluge and the like
because a lot of useful things are written in python
depending on where the error on the cd is, it could install almost completely then not boot or fail on the install.
yea you're right, sorry barkley. vmware should still work well
from the second url i sent. note that i had to switch the driver from nvidia to nv in order to properly boot this box to post these logs.
now type ` ` mount - t ext3 filepath filepath
i'm not on my laptop right now, but there's a checkbox that tells it to auto - connect or not
ogle skips forward and back faster, it lets you jump to the various menus, gives you all the right multimedia buttons.
mv filepath filepath only works until udev gets updated again and recreates filepath because filepath exists thanks to base - files and it uses that over filepath in that case
look for the line having to do with url
ima you might need to sudo updatedb before using locate
seveas tells me its the proper usage of bringing an app into the foreground from suspension
how do you enable it back or can you?
you said i must edit a config file to get empathy favourites sorted
what kind of card do you have???
it says, set - e, set - u, test - x filepath exit 0
sorry mate, that one is beyond me, perhaps someone else can help
no, those are a listing of accepted ways to log in, you can use any one of them
going to asking in their channel chow
i ran ` ` gnome - mount - - device filepath which made the driver appear as expected. so whatever thing that should run it on insertion is not doint it
of course if stuff is constantly using it.. well it will spin back up.
having compiz fusion built in is nice
try something like dmesg grep - i mount
and it fails, and doesnt give any error messages
i'd rather do good than feel good
i think sblive is one of the best supported sound cards
go to url and paste the contents of lsmod from the terminal then hit submit button and paste the link it gives you here
are you thinking of minimal install?
well, pidgin uses alsa or oss, vlc uses alsa or oss, flash seems to use alsa or flash too
u can download a. deb for flash
if you are getting internet already, you shouldn't need to enter a workgroup.
i was just giving some basic advice, i can't help further then that
thanks for the syncs! did atlas - cpp come through as new?
running a gui on a server is a fairly bad idea
yeah, in that case you might need a specialized program. are you printing onto glossy photo paper or something?
what did i just ask?????
oh this time it's different and the permissions can not be determined. ( now i'll do what you just said )
but it is much better if you can get an ubuntu. deb of the package you want. or compile the program from source
rightclick on the network - manager icon, maybe wireless is disabled for it
are you using the optical out ( spdif )? how are your filepath connected?
attempt to autodetect video hardware or manual setup?
the thing is, there's nothing that tells you it's even writing
hmmm, are you trying to use emerald by chance?
firefox always seemed to work in vista on this computer as well, it's to do with the ubuntu unoffical version i think
sudo mount - o ro - t ext4 filepath filepath
got it,. profile is the key emoji
gunzip and chmod are 2 separate programs
check out ubuntu studio, see what audio editing software is included there
does a telnet foasdads. com resolve to any ip?
did you upgrade from gutsy to intrepid?
sorry, what was the question again?
unfortunately still the same. language = en _ gb or en _ us only shows about ubuntu
ha ha how can it close the port on your local computer?
change your terminal font size? if you made it much smaller, it wouldn't be practical
i will get it now.. see how it does.. thanks..
couldn't be, xp was fine just an hour ago
i do.. but my point again is that this happened on a clean gutsy.. i updated a clean gutsy and it still broke
and what was did to solve it? can you inform me?
try this : sudo apt - get update ; sudo apt - get install xorg - driver - fglrx ; then reboot
copy them over into your. then install them using dpkg or whatever. i'm kind of stupid with the package management stuff right now.
install most ( or better all ) of the gstream libs
still comin up with the same error, even when i tried the sudo apt - get - f install
trying to do an mtn add - - unknown
yeah, you'll need a bootable install media of some type
thats all? thats cool here : d
what kind of a'proxy'are you looking for?
after you done it you have to run a2ensite hostname. org
cheers be back in a mo if it does not lol
ok, seems to have saved, going to restart x now
9. 04 is better than 10. 04 in certain ways
after that, delete the wpasupplicant setup ( you could purge the package and reinstall ) and network manager should work
uh we call that a ` ` feature''
i mean i added a warning to the page on help. ubuntu. com
means you got an intel gfx chip
actionparsnip oh rodolfo's got jolicloud!
take it easy, everything's gon na be allright
ah, i didn't even know oracle's java was still shipped. try doing apt - get purge oracle - java7 - installer and then installing again.
ok but that does not change the message
no but you'll have to edit the file using a sudo command like gksudo gedit or sudo nano filepath
what is the sound playback drop down set to?
the content of the file. not the ls output
i'm not exactly sure it's such a bad choice. it depends on what you're doing.
but you knew the solution - you must be the guy who has broken it. vlt : yeap - that's it! thanks
scunizi alright, thanks for ur help guys
you're helping her pack by chatting?
yes. i can't pair my bluetooth devices. at all.
overall it works pretty well for me, but i can't vouch for your laptop. try posting in the dapper forum on ubuntuforums. org
surely ubuntu keeps a record of when an upgrade was applied?
the decoding stuff is illegal, yes
or anybody.. can you recommend ( or is there ) any other panel application with windowslist to replace gnome panel??
dr _ willis so i found where your personal settings ( for gnome - terminal ) are :. filepath if you changed preferences it should be there
and then the password if there is one
so, i just deleted vga = 792 from menu. lst
perhaps. i have never had luck with automatix. needed to reinstall ubuntu twice because of it but if it works for you
if i'm gone for a while i'm cycling home
stats are hard to come by, but you can see the technical differences that allows for the lower amount of linux viruses
i want to first find out if i have install anything that may need the kde updates.
ubottu is a robot. check the link, i think it may mention irc channels
is the output of ` ` aptitude why postfix'' useful?
full disk? df - l in a terminal will tell you.
the command is like this. scp file usernameip
thats not much of a difference between the two
that's what standard file permissions are for.
i am not, nor have ever run linux on my machine
let's try it differently : system - administration - synaptic package manager
that's whyi was looking for a netboot image specifically
you building a package you've downloaded?
could be there is an easy option, but i just don't know about it emoji
whatever it puts on is what gets put on
however read the gnu license carefully to be sure
you can even use filepath for selecting arguments
send pictures of the surgery. i'm gone.
yes i'm seing the messages, but privately and i can't reply privately for some reason
i feel it is a bad idea, but i don't have any good reasons. what packaging guide did you refer to?
afaik no, url has info on using it
dd if = filepath of = filepath bs = 446 count = 1 will remove mbr
urbanterror if you like fps, it's like couterstrike with wall jumping
detatch it, wait 10 seconds, attatch it, wait 10 seconds, run : dmesg tail ; lsusb
right mouse click on it in the browser
well it's 10. 04 but anyway, yes, you can still use compiz
yes, try : apt - get install - - reinstall nvidia - current
ext2, and it's buggy in windows 7
in case you wan na see. and you were right, the drivers, atleast for freebsd, are up - to - date
do you have a. profile, or. bash _ profile, or. bash _ login? ( any of these. )
raven : note that we odn't recommend or support nvidia. com downloads. there are ubuntu - packaged nvidia drivers.
you need to find a driver somehow
dropped to 2g. so upload will take a bit longer
amd64 is the future, all x86 cpu will be amd64 ( x86 - 64 ) soon
thanks so much for the tip - much appreciated!
if you need to modify xorg. conf you can enter the sections yourself.
so no thermal pad on bottom of heatsink?
you can set grub to default to windows.
oh i see lol, it entails installing a virtual windows system well i'm tight on hdd space at the moment, so i can't right now
1 hour remaining ( i just restarted the donwload )
you could also try the second ide channel - - maybe only one of them is faulty. also, check the cable.
test it by hand to make sure it works : sudo filepath
won't work unless he restarted x in the meantime
yeah.. i wanted to drag and drop buhu
at this point, i would suggest installing zenmap and try doing a network scan to get the ip's of the computers on your network to connect to
instead now they have sudo tasksel install lamp - server
there is a tutorial, looking for the link now
if you boot the athlon kernel on an i386, on the other hand, you can expect it not to emoji
i'll go into failsafe and then fix it. this is before the load.
alright, the rebuild fixed the one relocation error, but i'm getting a new one emoji
no, you'd want ` ` sudo chmod aw'', but that's rather dangerous
heh. well, stuff happens. it shouldn't be to hard to get everything back to normal. this is how you learn emoji
ok, i need the output of ` ` lsmod'' in a pastebin
i think i can image it to a cd and boot from that in a worst - case scenario.
i know that, thanks for the help. i thought it was set that way by default which is what confused me
ok, is it trying to boot from the cd? is the light on?
either chmod the folder or make a launcher with the command ` ` gksudo nautilus filepath
xmpp because it's so'1337 '
it looks like it should have worked
xorg is autoconfigured on install. not sure what happened during your install
did u cd to the dir?
it has to had this access rights.. if it wan'ts i don't know..
there's no way to avoid codecs unless you build your own deb that makes codecs part of the depends.
i think that's just part of the main picture
you could browse the internet for ` ` ip address locator'' and many pages should tell you that information
i deny any accusations you might make
how do i change what i have write? emoji
however i find a string in vim. org, but it still doesn't work well
what did you do i'm not following
taking up space in this day!?!
but when i use tar i will have to setup the mbr manually?
set it to show, and when the machine boots and gives you a raid option settings delete the array and hide the config menu again
gartral was hardware the only solution you had?
saw you touched pbuilder a lot discovered this puppy this morning, and got a debdiff for it : url
run this script and pastebin the results. txt url
you might try xubuntu, or even, if you want, just install some other lightweight wm ( fluxbox, et al )
just apci, had to use that'acpi = off'flag to get into the installer on more recent builds of ubuntu.
after all i'm a gentoo survivor.
if it's just the canadian archives, replace all occurrences of ca. in filepath with us. or uk.
mine's 3 months old and everything works = d
i have to use the proprietary drivers.
click on the gnome time in the panel for a calander. emoji
my worry about that was always that it means that non - identical versions implicitly conflict, which seems to me to be a likely source of lurking difficulties for upgrades
the restricted driver is already enabled.
shockwave i assume you are asking can only be accessed through wine, so install firefox. exe through wine and then get macromedia on that
that's interesting. what kind of computer is it?
the ati cards do 3d too - 3d cards with no 3d in the drivers = trash
am i to assume that you created a new partition and installed jaunty there?
i would be using freenx instead of vnc if the temperamental windows client would work with it
so for now, do i just poke the major : minor into filepath?
this may be of some interest i suppose : url
and if you use xubunut installer, you can get full gnome from ` ` ubuntu - desktop'' package
and i have an intel mobo with that marvel chipset
thanks very much, i appreciate the research.
lets see if your partition is still where you think it is. pull up the disk utility under system - admin is the partition name what you expect?
raid is tips and tricks for raid and lvm can be found on url wto and url - for software raid, see url
for some reason i think it's something to do with the update manager
so yours has no drivemap line either?
its a channel on freenode. filepath compiz - fusion
whoops, was reading too quick.
ok i do not know sed well so huh
haha okay. thanks a lot!
and its a brand new feisty install
is there in fstab something like filepath?
ssh can do forwarding with or without xauth but x might not allow it
or quick and dirty - put the lines at the end of filepath
i think syntax you're using is wrong
after release, ubuntu only release secuiry updates
i got xchat gnome working good in term.
nothing fantastic, just 386 686 ppc
another option is to turn off mac address filtering, since it can be faked and you're using wpa anyway emoji
on his disk i guess emoji don't worry, the bug is here for months, it can wait a few day
well you can do the most girl friendly thing of all and just run itunes with wine?
not sure, check the docs actually
the change to not allow to be rm'd by default does not appear to be a filepath patch
ok, based on the output of that last command, how do i tell which is the device i want
listen to rburton, sounds like he knows more emoji
yes, but i don't care
i would assume the largest of the linux ( 83 ) partitions would be home. so filepath if that helps any
you can contact mathworks and ask about its availability with regard to your license, i'm sure.
ok, you are trying to install linux and keep windows, yes?
can you paste the output of sudo fdisk - l
no the iso is ok that does not mean the cd is ok you were going to put on 8. 10?
are you on one of the boxes now? in a terminal, enter'ifconfig '
monitor is amw lcd model : mr19c - ab
you need to get the package from that link i gave you
can you not ssh into a server that does have man working?
i cant login to get any type of update
just deleted all my google cookies, i'll try again
by the way, did you disable the connection in the network - admin?
can you tell if it's the powersupply, or something else?
hmmm, maybe i will try rebooting emoji
yeah, its only showing my internal hard drive
from a terminal, you may want to try sudo apt - get install flashplugin - nonfree if you want adobe's option. there are a couple of otehrs.
i don't remember it being hard. it just installed and worked..
better so far. hard disk spinning, and all that emoji
thanks but i need something that is x - less
if it has two gpus, and it's not optimus, then there would be an option in the bios.
bah, you shouldn't have to cli to use an os
inotify is option, but recommended, according to the beaglewiki
please paste the output of sudo fdisk - l on pastebin and give the link
it works now. thank you.
i'm not seeing anything here for resolution in gconf - editor.,.
for now, try filepath in the terminal
sorry, forgot the link! url
ok, rtorrents starts with m system so i want to open it
it's here. i'm looking at it now.
i believe he googled ` ` mediubtu''..
chippy : the best option is, now and always, to get a sound card that has a hardware mixer
where did you find that information? i didn't notice it on the page i mentioned
url has a pretty good filepath list
load one, yeah. saving it is the tricky part
and when i run ` ` apt - get dist - upgrade'' it claims that it's the newest one
it's in system settings, i think
no thats as good as it gets
sawfish with the zen theme ( no titlebars, no window frames, no icons on the desktop, no docks, warfs or window filepath
ahh, ok, not that same problem i had, then.
i'd scrolled up the window, i didn even then i'd asked the question lol. thankyou
if not, then you can not make such a claim
no, it's hard coded to use nautilus for some reason
grub only likes fs's it knows - check manpage, but ext3 is typical
apt - get remove wine ( as root ) ( or with a sudo in front )
there is already a bugzilla patch for that
hmm it looks like your disks are in bad shape
he wants the ` ` original'' newest version it seems
aaah!, i got it to work on ccsm, was bit panicking. cheers. i'm out.
sounds like you need to get ubuntu8. 04
no need to build - just use a binary from mozilla. org
not sure. let me fetch the cd and look.
do you have any knoppix around? ok find it and follow these instructions
are you trying to put more ram into your computer, or do you want to cut down how much ubuntu uses?
that's kind of the norm, but swiftfox is an exception
afaik there's only the huge list but i'm sure that a bunch of filepath would help with that emoji
i do.. but i already had gzipped them and no longer have th eoriginals.. and now i only get partial information due to the binary squares showing up
did you try adding a new panel?
it's working and i didn't restart it
so is mine, but mine is also a button as well as a wheel your's is just a wheel?
that would only work if i had a gui, but thanks
help with broadcom bcm43xx can be found at url
which game? do you have trilinear enabled?
i tried iqmasq and dnsmasq, but that didn't work yet, either.
ok it is telling me the different ways of using sudo
in the case you create extended one ( as one of the primary parts ), you can create 4 another called i think logical, in linux hdx5 - 8
wow, i am learning really useful commands here emoji
awesome, thanks. i see it.
why do you want to set up key2?
does that mean my access to the other os will be limited?
i think that makes sense, yes
sorry yes, the forum post has it all fixed for eme.
wikipedia probably has a really good explination
i'm not sure exactly which packages the configure script is looking for
that wasn't for you, apologies
you can play with windows : d
ubuntu - offtopic for chatter, ubuntu - motu might be a waay, or look around on launchpad
runlevel is the word your looking for
it re - reads the file. you can also do.. bashrc
and there's also lynx which is text based
yeah, but i want to disable it so it just isn't running
ok, do you have good internet?
do you want linux to depends : on linux - image - 386 or linux - 386?
dont expect'all in one tools'each tool tends to be set for a specific task. there are firewall front ends.. and there are av software
are you using beryl or compiz by any chance?
isn't that sudo rm - rf?
the packages are in the pool but i'm not sure if i'd want to install them
depends on what you mean by ` ` contains''. they're all available, but not installed by default.
i dont know, i havent changed any drivers from standard. its in integrated intel x4500 gfx chip. so not brilliant!
i dont know what you mean deskbar?
it is not suggested to mix sources
strange, i'll try an apt - get update
try out both, and see which one you like better
what happens if you run dhclient on the wifi iface?
what did you do? install windows after linux?
hmm, i show the program as being filepath
ok, i guess it doesn't matter then since this bios is about 8 years old emoji
url use that, just change the res. be sure to install the guest additions
nope, hda and hdb are from the primary ide filepath hdc and hdd are from the secondary filepath
apt - get remove ; apt - get install should work ( config files aren't removed by'remove')
thanks a million, saved my day
okay. there are two cd's available, the ` ` alternate install cd'', and the ` ` server install cd''. which would you recommend?
since you don't answer my question, i can not what the error message is
youd have to have setup ssh beforehand
i wouldn't worry about it then.. install the program using synaptic, or apt - get and you'll be fine
this is really really frustrating i just had to reset again
yes, you're right. i'm sorry. i just went to the list of ubuntu channels and searched for development
you all set? i have to get some quotes done. emoji ( i'm at work )
you are right. it also flickers in firefox when clicking right mouse button
what does the output of this command give on the machine you're trying to launch screen? ls - l filepath
it is the same for sta1, sta2 and others?
i don't know what the device will be called
exe files are for windows unless you want to run a game under! wine ; if you open synaptic you can find amsn and install it
what desktop environment are you using?
run ` ` stat - c a filepath to get octal permissions
i've never said i don't like your advices. i am really excited about what you said to me and i'm glad because of your kindness
type lspci into a terminal and see if anything alike is listed
the ip address of the server that is running the ssh server.
shouldn't, unless the lcd is around 5 years old
yes you are correctsad that i am not able to protect it
now's fine, just going to grab a bite to eat
really? should i not even try?
can you play the file with mplayer?
do you use multiple nic's in your system?
for me, they run at the same speed, as under linux, the rest of my system isn't 10x as slow.
it's when you try to access memory in an illegal manner.
sams 2012 is based on 11. 10 and 12. 04 ( current until 12. 10 comes out in a few weeks )
the way you installed your fglrx was very wrong and will always lead to problems like this
it's a bunch of autogenerated code from the looks of it
should i remove the old version of firefox?
a huge cylindar crossing solar system and man sends up crafts to investigatetwicefirst time it failsnext time they gets a ride with it
no, but it can be installed via plugins package for pidgin, emoji
at bottom it says : e17 is still under heavy development and is not suitable for production systems.
so then compiz is not causing the slowness
are nv and nouveau not the same thing?
the latest release supported here is oneiric.
that's true, but a serial interface wouldn't work for that
thanks a lot. worked like a charm
but it doesn't tell you that the file doesn't exist?
please don't flood ; use url to paste ; don't use enter as punctuation.
could it be a bad install?
the update - grub, will filepath the grub. conf on that'chroot'ed filesystem when done, umount filepath filepath and filepath
i saw that'mepis'had a nice dual - head configuration tool. i tested out their live cd.. and'borrowed'their config. emoji
or, you can install windows first before kubuntu, that way you won't have to deal with the rescue mode.
what are you trying to fix?
whilst you're add it, can you do that in the un too, please?
holy fuck, go to aboutemojilugins or gfto
dd is better do to sucj things
you need to hack together some sort of mic for the touch and then port over an sip app
please don't flood, use url to paste, don't use enter as punctuation.
apple base station, ` ` g'' type
so once you select the app with open with it starts to recognize it then? hmm
yes i know, but i don't think that's what he filepath at this point
10 min at least, need to capture the transmision
url and url both make fully linux compatible laptops. i have two laptops from za
no, it just means that that directory doesn't go away without your package being removed.
learn samba emoji still you havnt actually stated a problem, but rather just behaviour. i don't know what you are trying to achieve
do you know if the cd was burned as a bootable. iso rather thanthe iso as a file?
darn, it seems my isp still has trouble - i get no more than 20 filepath downstream grumble
do you have a. kde4 folder too?
i don't know much about desktop effects ( i'm not even on gnome ), sorry
try md5sum - bc [ md5 - file ] [ targetfile ]
if that is where is messed up.. try asking in compiz
ubuntu is the ubuntu support channel, for all ubuntu - related support questions. please use ubuntu - offtopic for other topics. thanks!
do you know of anything like what i described? or just a better way to manage icons?
hit ctrlx to exit that ten type in sudo nano filepath
check out the exit out of root and do the same thing
i've found auto - raise. it is not enabled.
then yes he is a debian developer, so his packages are safe
sure, will do that in a bit
or do filepath add freenode, then filepath add - network freenode irc. freenode. net
so whan i reboot i got a fsck forced with a lot and lot of error
i can not understand, on amazon it is for 800?!
i'll check it out, thanks.
not sure, it will not load, cant find the default skin to load, i checked and its there
still around? i remember now, it is called explore2fs
no idea what you mean then.
i suggested that, but he didn't understand it.
what do u do in that game? emoji
i am not a noob emoji just looking for a tool with a gui emoji
how many guesses did it take? 80? emoji
if you want an ide eclipse cdt might be of interest
hmm if i wanted to make that an option how would i enable that? my dell xps ( gen 1 ) could go to 1920x1200
thanks, did not know that command etheir
this might be useful : : information about dual - head on linux can be found on url - see also! xinerama
why that version? the latest for hardy is 2. 4. 5
i have never seen such a horrible nickname like yours
i'd report that as a package bug then.
sweet! gmplayer is working. thanks!!
openssl is what you're looking for.
warning : untrusted x11 forwarding setup failed : xauth key data not generated
that's a lowercase i not a lowercase l
its more of a'webcam enhancer'you could use vlc to record from yoru webcam also
for playing movies? i use vlc, mplayer and smplayer for audio audacious
are you talking about cracking filepath encrytption? simply use a web browser to get into the router's admin page and change it
i have it installed, it's buggy.
ubotu should send you the webpage you need.
yo could also try : sudo apt - get - - reinstall install libid3tag0
url has a guide to installing the game
i find the. nz repos to be behind often too, so i don't use them.
that line didn't remove my space emoji
somewhere down the list ( it should be a big list, if not then universe and multiverse are still probably not on )
check the one that says virtual horizontal
i just just php. i am a simple guy. emoji
are you sure they provide binaries for 64bit archs?
please dont use the enter key as punctuation
fglrx drivers work very well for me. how did you install te fglrx drivers?
yes but you have jaunty and you are using chromium for intrepid
ppp over ethernet, or is there a gateway
so complain to msi - not us
then add under the device section this line
no you have to contact them directly
your a champion and others, thanks
you dont understand why this channel exists
we should take this conversation to ubuntu - offtopic
why do you have clvm installed?
i use centrino 1, 7ghz, using fglrx for ati
man apt - get, you could try to set the proxy on commandline itself or via environment variable. hoping it overrids the currently set proxy
podcasts just weren't cool back in hoary's day emoji
if you can umount it. you can do it without going into recovery mode
not that i know of. i added some custom groups but i don't believe i modified anything significant.
thats what is was, i changed it to my webcam, same result in cheese
no, but i had a hacked version trying a clean one now
you're an ubuntu pro, could you help me set up printer - sharing in ubuntu ( i have samba file - sharing already set - up )?
neither is better, each has advantages and disadvantages
you can connect to any server you want
does ssh - agent get activated by the gnome - keyring?
does ifconfig show it ; i have the exact same chipset and a fresh install and it gets it no issues
will do, gon na give it a go and see what happens emoji
there is an applet and there is gkrellm
check that ` ` message received'' is checked in filepath events
i forgot about digikam, its pretty good, but you'll have to install a ton of kde libs if you don't have them already
you can also check your media directory for it
what kind of data are you after?
looks fine, inet add 192. 168. 1. 77 ( manually asigned for my internal network ), bcast 192. 168. 1. 255 and netmask 255. 255. 255. 0
its cdma 1x. it can be configured using wvdial but i forgot the exact process. maybe you know something about it.
why does it return lots of newlines?
did you boot the ubuntu install with a cd?
you also need to turn on authlog and lockdown ssh,,
is timidity still running, though? you'll continue to get those errors if timidity is running.
updating the wiki is a work in progress check system - help - system help instead
lubos : the ubuntu, kubuntu and xubuntu channels are english only. for a complete list of channels in other languages, please visit url
you may want to search in synaptic for all of the dutch language files, and install
ok, sorry i can't help more on this, plz ask and wait for other members to reply
the error clearly states - - you must manually run'sudo dpkg - - configure - a'to correct the problem
have you installed the samba packages yet?
i had to run the script manually this morning as i could only get to google if i used the ip
of course, if you have any particularly wierd stuff installed from them, then potentially something could break on upgrade.
but thats another thing i never do, i do fresh install of my home too ( i got ` ` my files'' somewhere else )
only when the package maintainer fucks up
setup a new user without the encrypted home directory feature copy all of your files to the new user account and then delete the old account
plus if it fails.. it will just print an error message i belive.
yeah i read that but even in previous versions the problem was not there
ok i check it step by step
i don't really know which settings my system is using emoji i don't know where the config file is lol
people aren't generally very active in there, but it's worth a shot.
glad you got it working : d
563771 - fix uploaded, thanks!
ubuntu starts in fullscreen or vmware does? i'm not sure of the problem
but i'm moving all i can to a different pc.
right, but that index is the last thing it generates
i find lmms fairly easy to use and configure.
you should be playing on the cli only with mutt for email, elinks or other for browsing etc.. it's an educational experience
press alt - f2 run kcontroll then appearances themes slpash screen
you are the one with the prob
no just gui sftp client for gnome.
is this a newer motherboard.. nvidia chipset?
no, im trying to authenticate from a web - front end
i just did apt - get install nvidia - drivers and that seemed to fix it emoji
you can put in your filepath to auto mount or not.. think it's noauto if memory servers.. then you will have to manually mount it..
i belive the server ( the one running pixtor. no - ip. com to the public ) would be the obvious target.
i do have a 12. 04 box running gnome classic and gnome 3 with no issues
could use grep - i emoji makes it easier
please don't feed the troll.
please don't flood, use url to paste, don't use enter as punctuation.
do i have to do anything besides what your telling me?
then you'd have to upgrade to 6. 10 then 7. 04 then 7. 10.
the gentoo minimal install cd is like 64 megs
and if i mount it with pmount it's very slow
hmm, a pity ; i thought upgrading the server would be enuff okay, i have him upgrade
if you have graphical interface use gedit filename
theres beta one out right now. so you should try it out when you get the chance.
thats why i don't understand the need or desire for dolphin when konqueror is available
you program windows in the same languages as linux, generally
nah rescue mode is safe mode where you have root access and no graphical nterfae
and how can i disable the graphical boot?
i guess you could find a core kde package and remove it.
when it's done, xchat will be under application - internet - xchat
you have to enable repositories to install software.
its just because its not on the official repos. i'm sure it'll be fine
i think we cant do that.
yes, but we didn't promise everyone we wouldn't
still not there, finds something made by z - star, my fingerprinter reader, usb hubs, and taiyo yuden
the toolchain is what everything is built upon
oh you have the same problem?
you got me, budsorry i couldn't help you : (
im helping him install guest additions on an ubuntu guest.. the host os is not really important to me..
is there any way i can tell?
you mean a backup cd iso?
and assuming you are using gtk - w - d, use gnome - appearance - properties to change the theme
there are times when a reboot is the only way to fix that xine problem
make a third dummy sudoer account from which i'll do that.
okay, all i have is 30 _ os - prober
url and url are two of the tutorials that we provided
hmm so libvirt - bin had got itself uninstalled - but i guess someone didn't tell upstart?
reason to reinstall : i'm dumb and can't fix this on my own emoji
oh, that seems a shamewill there be no stable version avail then
as i said, dont know the fix
its probably just not mounted,. i cant remember the command so in terminal type man mount it will be something like sudo mount filepath filepath
run ` ` sudo - i'' as a separate command to get a root shell
no worries. i think you're sources. list got fscked, like mine did, from what you're saying.
it's ` ` irssi'', and you won't like it if you're not a fan of cli
i dont know how to check a ntfs disk from linux, probably fsck won't work
mounting the iso is nothing to do with the software,
you can have both on the same computer, and chose to boot either one or the other
yeah you should use ` ` sudo''
libcairo - gtk - pango, right?
so that file is zero bytes?
interesting. does filepath of usplash cause an initramfs rebuild?
if you are around when crimsun is here, he might be able to help
you got a url to that icon theme? i want to see what it looks lke.
that is for 9. 04, gspca is now built into the kernel
but installing the ubuntu package search engine in firefox is cool!
what kind of errors? i get none when i start firefox from commandline ( unusual for me )
i should just keep quiet unless i'm absolutely sure about something : -
either the cable is ribbon cable = ide - or its thin 4 wire = sata
i don't know, try searching at url
dist - upgrade pulls in packages that have new dependencies, upgrade does not.
sad, but true ( if you're right )
try running it with kdesu gives the program admin access
wait until the live cd is downloaded and boot that on the laptop i don't think it is a problem with the ubuntu machine
have you tried adding a'dri'module? in xorg. conf
yes, 6. 10 is available as dvd
sorry couldn't help more. also could try systemrescue cd. i use that for all my partitioning.
by default, make install will usually install under filepath
i'll try to find that mailing list
any idea why the gnome default screens and graphics utility is out of sync with what x - server is actually outputting?
having epiphany on debian and firefox on ubuntu meant gnome menus getting all confused
i can't figure that out at the moment. i'm just glad i can select xmms from the context menu
well then you haven't installed them properly.
ok let me rephrase my statment dont recommend the use of alien please
the commoand for virtualbox headless is : vboxheadless, it comes along normal virtualbox - ose package, tho im sure its in virtualbox - puel
i'm not sure it'll work, but if you had problems installing, you may have gotten a bum package
i'm not exactly sure how to set it up, then, but i have an idea
there should be a default menu in filepath iirc
dumb workaround, but it is like that in windows also.
the packages in kubuntu are divided into various sections. see url
for a user whom is web browsing and emailing the difference between 64bt and 32bit will be hardly noticable at all
it's been installed for awhile, i've got a coupld of renders
no, its my fault, i setup a reverse proxy there
i'm gon na check it out, brb
maybe by adding the hoary repos or something
damn this is odd emoji can you paste the output of lspci?
is it natural that it keeps back a ton of packages?
sounds good, i will see, thanks
if you keep hitting the up arrow key you will find the sh command you already typed and hit enter and yes case sensative
ok, you have menu. lst trying to boot to hda5
perhaps your ram isn't used up - - maybe just allocated?
but yes, config was a bear and ymmv with different cards. creative cards feed the ir as midi input, though, if that helps
close synaptic and in box type : sudo apt - get install firefox
sorry, was away, no just download and install via the screenlet manager
take the vendor and product strings and search?
there're shared folders with no passwords or anything on the computer i'm accessing
if you have a fast computer with the enough energy to run two system in the same time, i would recon it
purging the ubufox package solved the problem emoji
make : no target specified and no default target
filepath - line 3, change ath to path
azureus is a bit torrent client. it requires java, java gnome bindings, and other things.
what's wrong with it? how's it ` ` messed up''?
ok, stop here, breathe, and try tellin me again what you did, without missing anything
is there any big difference? i love amarok as my music player
you'll need to convert them to iso images before you can mount. see the following :
minimal and standard are not. at least that's why my apt - get tells me. feel free to quote me on that.
found some stuff on the forum, but not using acpi is no option for me
are you using a nvidia card?
do you use thunderbird? kontact??
er? you link the broken symlink to that.
heh, that ( hopefully ) happens only once in a lifetime! you'd better not miss that time emoji
whats wrong with uding them now?
it doesnt work ` ` no screens found''. after checking the logs : ` ` screen found but no usable configuration detected''
why dont you use the live cd?
let me know if that works please.
yes - it is taking 30 of my athlon 2. 5 :
use : sudo - i to gain a root terminal too
not really.. its just an annoying practice.. technicially isent every file a'binary'file?
if they had the same ip's one of the machiens would not be online, and your router would not be doing its job
kill - 9 process id kills an app for sure
i am sorry. right now i am desperate myself because noone offers to help me and i tried everything i could alone
thats because the servers no longer exist
thanks ; i tried that and the same result - - perhaps the fact i have not gone to kde4 is the reason so much is held back
lots of settings in this one no clue which are responsible, but all i had to do was add my 1440x900 resolution as an option and it worked
and some for linux but updated now.
it gets mounted, but i can't browse to it
gon na boot in 11. 10, thanks for your help man
you can run flash, real, and java plugins in amd64 bit computers with firefox. see the steps to follow at url
if you do some search on wiki. ubuntu. com you will get the full answer
it's not installed by default however
if so, xorg _ sync _ ranges = yes sudo dpkg - reconfigure - phigh xserver - xorg
what kind of usb device is it? flash drive? usb hd?
sometimes you can doubt it even after you tried it
i will publish to private today after rounds of testing
i'd say close that bug and i'll open a task in bug 360689 for intrepid.
can you run that command? ` ` perlcc''?
yup, that did it. i forgot to cleanup on a function i called thousands of times. thanks for the help!
check out this link brief and to the point url
sorry, that autopkgtest upload i did didn't ship all of the docs in the. debs. this is fixed in 0. 7. 1.
sdb is the drive, sda2 is a partition
if stuff is already working, then don't touch it.
are you trying to upgrade your main system to edgy?
yeah i thot you could - looking at that now, thank you any pointers?
is it going to do anything aside from run apt - get dist - upgrade you think?
this is the output. 30148 00 : 11 : 34 synaptic
i'm the same. i refuse to use it unless i have to. :
thanks for the info. firestarter doesn't seem to do anything other than start up the firewall.
you opened it and mounted it. so it should be ok.
do a ` ` sudo passwd root''
9 ( kill ) is for when you want a program to be gone, immediately, no questions asked ( so, yes )
you can read the output of : ps - ef less and see what processes are running and such
but it doesn't work for me )
you could try pinging your entire network, or doing a portscan for port 9100
basically a filepath file system for sharing resources between windows and linux
how about using synaptic to ` ` force version''
you can make things even worse by spamming with your keyboard repeat
after that, run that chmod command at a terminal also ( as root ) and then log out and back in.
ok, then run this ` ` sudo apt - get update''
` ` filepath re - reading partition table blkrrpart failed : device or resource busy''
dunno nothing about cheese but if you have gstreamer installed you can try some gstreamer pipelines like ` ` gst - launch v4l2src! ffmpegcolorspace! xvimagesink''
it does, except it was in dec.
look at the configuration application folk gave you. you can define shortcuts there
i mean, can you ping google. com from whatever machine ff isn't working on or ping the ip, even
yeah sorry you have to use win for that
ok, double click on them to install them
burn comes to mind, have you googled for benchmark apps that are in ubuntu repos, i know there are a few.
its 3d and transaprancy stuff _ real nice eye candy and 3d desktop
or'chmod x whatever. run'then. filepath
dunno, i installed it via terminal.. but never got it running.
thanks anyway, appreciate you testing the file on your comp
ntfs - 3g is a linux driver which allows filepath access to ntfs partitions. installation instructions at url
gstreamer is a beast and an epic failure. you should avoid it at all costs.
i forgive thee, come unto mine bossom
thanks for well telling me to install
try onstalling the older package, knetworkmanager, it should work
once in fstab, you'll have to mount it though. just do a ` ` swapoff - a swapon - a''
please don't use the ` ` enter'' key as punctuation! it spams the channel and can be annoying.
all springs and pulleys need to be properly registered in order to get things lifted into place properly
then click on session before logging in and change it from ` ` last'' to the neew wm
really. should get an op to change the motd.
that wont work filepath a display manager therefore passwd is the easiest
what do you mean manually installed unison from debian?
check this : on my 10. 04 lts system :
did yhey offer an md5 checksum to test your filepath
first time, i try to plug in a brand new 1gb usb filepath drive ubuntu dapper doesnt recognize it.
i got disconnect, sorry. any ideas on my volume issue?
possibly, i'll take a look
worth checking the bugs first, it may be a known issue
you might look at ` ` kompozer'' to help develop your pages.. utf - 8 is pretty universal.. so it's a good choice
heh..'sudo dpkg - reconfigure kdm'will ask what one to use
right click on the panel - in the empty space and choose add to panel - there is network manager in the list
alright. i'll give both a try.
if i were in your shoes, i'd examine every single host on the network and ensure that it was set to pull its address via dhcp
what if i think the font's too tall now?
please watch your language and keep this channel family friendly.
if any binary is in main, the source needs to be in main, but unneeded binaries can and should be in universe.
i'd suggest you to follow an installation guide from the scratch. because it works perfect for me.
run'sudo apt - get update sudo apt - get dist - upgrade'to check if you have all updates installed
i don't know, i think it's what you configured when you set up the share on the windows side.
he can set ip addresses and stuff but gets no connectivity
re x spec changes, yes i have some further info to add ; i'll get it finished up today
if your formating to them ext the device will not see it
meaning he just stops by and quickly leaves?
so theres way i can use beryl with the default theme manager?
ok, here you go : url
thought so, that's great, thanks
think you should add ` ` pci = noacpi'' or something similar
i'm back, have no luck
url hoary - backports main universe multiverse restricted it should tell you how to add the repos
do you see wubi. exe on there?
the general recommendation for sysadmins is not to run neither sudo nor su emoji )
ie not ubuntu, so not supported here
just that file but it does not say where extract or how run it
you will need to set a password with nick serv and then go to freenode and ask that your nick be cloaked as unaffiliated
when i go into the restricted drivers manager it says i dont need a restricted driver
how about i post a working dhcp config ( with pxe configuration in it ) to give you something to work from
on that page, ` ` delete leading whitespace ( spaces, tabs ) from front of each line ` `
the ops here are very strict im not sure how that joke will go over with them, fair warning
but i'm not sure that will let him assign an alternate ctrl key
grep ` ` xkblayout'' filepath give me output
what do you mean ` ` detect'' sound
no remote program for desktop remote management uses upnp to bypass residential firewalls that i know of
hang on i had something about mirroring sites, let me see if it's here
i think that means she is female
i have made good experience with it
i don't know! i just know the name of the command! emoji
please don't flood, use url to paste, don't use enter as punctuation.
yeah, i was going to do it this week, but armel was chugging away on seriously long builds.
wow! you're such a great helper, you deserve a cookie!
is this an athlon 64 laptop?
u think man chmod will help? i mean that error is produced when starting. filepath
thank you, that will help. thanks for the help
export - p? what did you do that for?
if you mean startup programs when you login, see administration - settings - session
that's not what i mean by calendar app. i need one that will remind me of appointments, relatives'birthdays, etc
i try to avoid the other 10 emoji
sudo - s. you really shouldn't though.
while it might sound harsh : read the man page.
anyhow did you try the diff vlc output video output different vlc video output device i mean
it installs two versions of the same program???
i've had that issue before, i fixed it by moving icons from my desktop to another folder and restarting x
you'll have to use a compositing wm for that
are you trying to burn an install cd?
i thought emmy's answer was ` ` we'll see what things look like after the 32 bit version drops.''
install the restricted driver and play around with catalyst.
i beleive the crimsun repo has xfce4. 2
then we get our cd's from the uber points
run dpkg - reconfigure xserver - xorg from the command line, accept the defaults when in doubt and select nv when it comes to graphics driver
run your apt - get again but prefix the command with ` ` debconf _ debug = developer ` `
did you just remove ati, and install nvidia, on the same card?
try getting a md5sum program ( there are free ones ) and run it on. iso to see if it was a bad download before you use another cd
i don't know of any offhand. let me know if you can't find them through google
first hold down ctrl and type a, then release ctrl and type?
you may also want to put the option user in the fstab for that drive so regular users can even mount it
i want to change it system wide
burn at the slowest speed.. 2x or 4x
upgrading is the same thing in ubuntu. if you do a fresh install you'll run into less problems. just make sure u backup
well, could you tell me how to tarbal my os then? emoji
oh i have heard that yes apparently for some reason the intel driver in ubuntu is borked
hmmmm i don't see an sbt file at all, but the dvd case says it has english subtitles
i tried to remote desktop to my computer, but got an error, lol
sure, my router's fine with that. here's the ifconfig - a ( redacted ) : url
you do realise ubuntu has it's own irc clients too?
something can wrong yes, its always a possibility. make sure you backup all your important data, or do a full drive clone if you can.
what do you mean, songbird is an app i installed. i asked him that. don't know if he answered though
which package do i install to get git? there're many of them listed
because some people use it in production servers and can take the risk of shutdown critical applications without reason?
linuxmint - help on irc. spotchat. org is the mint channel
i would suspect there are some settings you didn't address in the hidden folders since it resets properly with new user.
i've not needed to - personally i don't actually normally use fakeroot
it might be greyed out because it's already been marked. probablly actually. what os is on the usb?
the new greeter looks very nice, but still has the focus problem
download that file and run'sudo dpkg - i w32codecs. '
ask in kde what the closest thing is
if i fire up adept and put'xscreensaver'in the search box, it shows up how many packages do you see if you do that?
i'ts been many reboots since the installation emoji i don't think its showing up.
why for windows? ubuntu supports those file systems.
you can write a simple script that contains the command line. put it in filepath and make sure you change it to be executable
then i'd say that it only pulls your windows log files.
not sure of the ld _ library _ path, sorry
how bout open up synaptic or aptitude and find out what the actual package name is
i think he talks about the indicator - applet
please, look in synaptic for a packaged named sysinfo
on an empty spot on the panel
you can even tab - complete on apt - get install
that's not what we asked for. sudo apt - get update, and then also the contents of filepath
can i do this from apt - get?
sorry about that package xserver. xorg'is not installed and no info is available.
which is why i use sshfs now
, but i expect later ubuntu desktop cd's won't even boot up on 128mb ram, but there's a swap trick
i mean when the cd starts is there a keyboard image at the bottom of the screen
this will take some getting used to. freebsd runs poorly on my laptop so i chose linux
i knew that.. thanks for finding it : d
different people have different needs from their package managers.
there may be people with sample xorg. conf files using that chip
no, tell you. we don't need the dma spam, thanks. emoji
. not looking good for the home team
hehe, how can i do that than?
did you ge the cube working.
are you shure you can not find something similiar to the app you are trying to download in the ` ` ubuntu software center''?
not good. a ) he's lazy b ) you are wrong
it's not that, i can do a nslookup my _ ip dns _ server and it resolves right away
use filepath - a to unmount the swap drives before you try to resize it ( if required )
` ` dd'' would do that but it would also copy the ` ` empty'' space as data.
no sudo mkfs. vfat filepath substitute your number there.
head over to xubuntu for related questions
use either'ubuntuzilla'or'firefox - stable ppa '
apt - get install kopete. it works in both
try ` ` sudo apt - get autoremove subversion'' ( be careful with this command ) and then ` ` sudo apt - get clean'' and then ` ` sudo apt - get install subversion''
there are already wiki pages for what you want to write, i guess
that will list some packages you can look into installing.
.. sorry to bother you but have you got any ideas?
how many pathces do you have for g - a - i?
if you installed from source then it is not in repo
i have not, i'll do that now
something about a bug, if it appears, fix it and re - run grub - install
ok i'll try in the evening
yesnow add'auto eth0'after'primary networkk interface '
i've been wrestling with the network profiles ( the gui beastie ) that comes with ubuntu
type here what you are t yping let me see the command
the catch is ` ` investigating ( 3 ) software - properties - gtk [ amd64 ] 0. 75. 10. 2 - 0. 82. 4 ( gnome )
so you want to add code to the driver yourself?
give bazhang the url of that paste
heh - he won't - that's why i said what i said - that person just posted a link to some ` ` botnet'' crud on freenode
after i do : sudo cp xorg. conf. original - 0 xorg. conf
i recommend chromium though, for some reason chrome doesn't work fine in my computers, colours in my themes are all messed up
what are you looking to do? for vector graphics there is inkscape, but that won't help much with photo editing.
i'm running 10. 10, kernel 2. 6. 32 - 27. i'm one kernel back because originally that solved my nautilus problem, but the problem came back now.
do you notice the thing near the right part?
gparted says 6. 3gb free for what partition?
so how do i use that array outside of that c file? emoji
in seriousness, webster's destruction of the english language wasn't even intended for non - american audiences.
any ideas on usb wifi stick?
alright. i'll give it a shot as - is then. thank you.
so none of the files on the available list have the. deb extension
it's not a bad idea. lots of distros use su root instead of sudo. red hat fedora does for example
so look at the link rather than apt - get install gnome - art
is there a way to get pbbuttonsd to step the volume up more than one on a volume filepath keypress?
open a terminal and type lspci and hit enter
i used to use emacs. its not really what i meant
you seem to have done an upload beforedo you just want to have someone sponsor it?
it first does like 15 correct, then decides to fail the last few which are my debian sources
newer is not always better, it depends on the user, but also their hardware
fun emoji why is inet6 exploding?
get the alternate install cd not the minimal one
the packages in ubuntu are divided into several sections. more information at url and url - see also! easysource
output it to another file with file. txt
rofl add that to the wiki, please!
well, i meant in this room. emoji i didn't much care for empathy, that was a bad turn
this might work, too, as part of the gconf - editor package url
it is, it says i have 497 mb total, 490 used, 6 free.
alright, thanks, i'll try that, brb
i think theres only one for'flash'in the repos.
eh, if he mentioned 3. 4 explicitly, i prolly need it
im just basically trying to help you find why your route is needed to be manually added
sure, that's worth a try
give me high hopes for gnash now
thanx for all your help!!! huggies
i am new to ubuntu, is that in the software center?
no, it's not, it's a build app as well.
here's a blog article about using apt - get behind a proxy.. seems like you've done it right, according to the article
what are you asking? both serve distinct purposes. neither is good or not good.
can you use the url to paste the output of mount?
maybe its checking for updates right now?
sorry i was confused, i have breezy
usually you configure your bios before the os ever boots
csh. env env. filepath locale. gen locale. nopurge make. conf profile. csh profile. env
what version of kubuntu are you installing?
open a terminal and type : host ubuntu. com
12 to 18 months url has the info lts release get 3 to 5 years
assuming you created a new one then there wont be anyone else in there
i got ur advice, i will try disk check, if its not working then i will go to the store
seems that filepath should be doing all the work for you, i'm looking into it
it is a problem with their server, imo.
does the computer have floppy drive at all, and are you using it?
run windows inside ubuntu. it's easy and painless
ok, that was 20h ago according to the logs
just wondering if you guys knew what the best were
was the resolution fine before the power failure?
ah, ok, it makes sense now, thanks again
i get a lot of feedback inubuntu - motu
i use ubuntu dapper style, but w a modified xml theme there was an extra tag in there somewhere
thanks for the helphave a nice day
no responce. the computer doesnt even see the card. powder, its a kingston 256.
analyze the old one, it's all there
so i've i'm building a dual boot system, i should still keep my data partition with fat32 then?
neither do i, just asking : d u don't need to enable proposed???
thanks, it's going right now
wait i don't have filepath directory
normal cards would tell us, if they don't have enough ram
nice work, much obliged. i had compiz installed manually in my old karmic - praps i should uninstall now? is it by default now?
that should tell you what the bootloader is doing
i think ubuntu is being overly optimistic with the amount of free contiguous space it has, and is overwriting windows
now do ` ` sudo apt - get update sudo apt - get upgrade''
i still recommend installing ssh, because its quite useful. i missed your very problem - why did you want to disable gdm in the first place?
as in, ax and the such.
did you see the answer for that earlier?
evolution will notify eve if it's not running
another way is to just type lcpci in konsole and find your video hardware in there
nope, but i found the post i should of seen already
debian's ppc port might be a better option.
i think maybe linux can only view other computers with that
there is not a single reason to have a root - account
is there a way to get english to be the default language?
desktop environment are mostly for eye candy.. apps need libraries.. which are povided by the system.. hence everything run everywhere but they might not look the same
does it look like this : url?
` ` lspci grep net'' should work
i know, but how can i access the grub in my hd from the live cd?
2 different entries, 2 different icons
it isn't. can you use konqueror to browse internal files on your computer?
mkay.. will try to keep away from itemoji
yes, and above the cd then save it, and you're good to go
how do you know the machine is connecting to a machine on a dsl line?
look in filepath and see if there's any reason why x isin't starting
just asking, but you don't have any ld _ library _ path or so set?
i think you can drag the whole icontheme. tgz or whatever over the icons theme controlpanel.
ls - al filepath shows if vi command is a link to vim. tiny
to view your filepath partitions see url - for write access, see! ntfs - 3g or! fuse
` ` sudo commands'' don't exist. running as root is the same thing as prepending sudo. sudo just runs the commands as root.
it should fix grub as far as bootloading. see this for more info : url
not yet, waiting to be able to build an iso with it
i'd test your ram, are you running karmic?
i don't know maybe in gconf - editor somewhere?
ati dropped support for that card in linux so the new drivewrs from their website will not work
the main public key is mentioned in most of the url postitings ( well, any that are software related )
please beb more specific. i am using ubuntu with broadcom chipsets for years now.
lol, so what were you doing when you screwed up your install?
you don't realize that 90 of the time people have issues with mplayer it is because totem - mozilla is still installed
ima dual boot first, because i heard there were networking issues with the 1000he
restarting and brb, if it dont work, ill email you my tears
. log is the newest one,. 1 is older. 2 is older..
you can also use : sudo nano filepath
hey thanks im gon na have another go - im currently talking from the darkside ( xp ), force.. isgett.. ingweak. emoji
eva? apt - cache search qq for some options
i noticed the message ` ` target filesystem doesn't have filepath i don't understand that but it doesn't sound good.
please push your ubiquity 1. 7. 12 release to bzr
faulty wires bad connection. check connection if it isnt integrated
it's not a good idea to disable sudo or circumvent it
feel free to join ubuntu - screencasts if you want to talk at length in a quieter channel
do a cp first then of course you know it will work with rm
help with broadcom bcm43xx can be found at url
oh. you want to combine the unallocated into a third partition?
it is being detected, trust me, just follow those instructions.
indeed and noted, was curious where that project is going as its hard to get a peep out of anyone on that end of things
sounds like you are using windows. this is a linux channel
your windows os will still want to use ntfs
i am glad i started now, and sad i didnt earlier
8. 10 is no longer actively maintained, what did you expect?
this isn't exactly the right time to discuss dapper
you never know it could have been nmap - common emoji
i saw on his page a project called schooltool i like that something i might need url
yeah that's not quite the syntax but rm is a part of the parted command
does it appear in lsusb??
there's an option'work offline'i think it's in'file '
i don't have room for all those gentoo gamesi don't bother with them anymore
have u any experience with cisco vpnclient or vpnc?
well, you can easily change it to use libburn without source code changes emoji
typically, you'll want to disable encryption first temporarily to make sure it's not some other issue
mike sweet has fixed this str mid - january, so at least cups 1. 3. 6 can not crash on it any more.
would have been good if firefox was released on windows lol emoji they would have to stick with old stinky explorer
my current desktop is amd athlon xp 1800 palomino, 1, 5gb sdram, 300gb hdd, nvidia gf 4 ti 4200 64mb
eek.. why the antiquated tech? emoji
that is no longer supported by the newest nvidia driver in ubuntu
says most files aren't fragmentedit's about 5 done now.
unknown post id, it may have expired or been deleted
if you have rebooted in rescue mode you should see the grub config in filepath
emoji i meant it for him only
and start writing one line instead of 20.
do you know yet which scribus i want?
you may want to fsck the filesystem. to see if its currupted.
you can add a drawer to the panel and fill it with what you want
hi i'm back on the other monitor with more problems
so they have two types of software supported and open source
should already be installed, try with sudo
where'd you get all the option tags from?
do u have a clue on how to change settings?
and theres dozens and dozens of other places that have example conky configs
yes i see it if i run that command
well first try booting a live cd see if that doesn't work
it is normal for the usb printer not to be detected until turned on.
and it seems that all their adsl modems are filepath combos, meaning that you will not use pppoeconf on your computer.
i'm assuming encryptfs isn't an ideal thing?
this is documented on gnome - look. org and also in the readme's of the theme
64bit lets you utilize more than 3gb ram, and is somewhat faster ( in a manner of speaking )
what the command to get vlc?
in the file manager, to go file - connect to server, and choose windows share
restarting x didnt work but enabling then disabling my graphics drivers did just so ya know
i think the vesa for now will do : ` ` sudo apt - get install xserver - xorg - video - vesa''
you don't need to explictly upgrade ` ` to'' 6. 06. 1
first time in my life using uwf, looks nice
hmmmm ede what does that stand for?
correct but it does on every gigabyte g61 series..
you could try using alien on the rpm i guess
maybe you have disable the appropriate part in xorg. conf, i had a similar problem on dapper
what are you trying to do?
well, true but ftp is the protocol in either case
i know that, but someone was advising gnome - look
you just saw me spanish - fail trying to say'lowercase '
just make sure you know what rm - rf does and you should be fine
log into the ppc machine as user guest
put the font file in. fonts ( create the dir if you dont have it already ) and then do an fc - cache - v
you need to be identified with nickserv before you can use java
xmlrpc - c also includes a server implemention, doesn't it?
the problem is thati just lost my home partition
that's alright, i though chrome came with flash but it seems it doesnt
because you have apt configured to use the cd edit filepath to disable it
altf2 - katapult - altspace - ctrlc to configure
ubuntu 9. 04 has a known regression for some intel graphics support. see url and url for more information.
never tried that.. was happy enough guess i should give it a go
but i made a backup to the first partition
go into the workspace switcher in the bottom right. there in the two settings it's 1 each
i'm not sure exactly how to do it. i haven't worked with windows 7's bootloader
you gave me a little help earlier with my nvidia xorg not loading issue ; when you installed your nvidia drivers, did you install nvidia - kernel - common?
how? intel gma on 9. 04?
that will create a file the exact size of your partition that you're backing up
version 3. 3. 6 - 15ubuntu2 of libstdc5 is in filepath
n00berg00ber : you are starting to wander to metaphysical
oh ok, maybe it will end up in some l - r - m with beryl people soon.
sjackman's deb, or the official jar?
it may be a problem with your internet connection
how much ram does linux use if im just running some local servers and two broadcasts?
if it's mounted you can just use the'mount'command. otherwise you can find it in the'filepath directory.
ok, so that must not be my problem, so i can check the other partition right? do you know how to unmount them?
i'm not telling you did wrong
ok. i got nothing. it's sitting there and not loading.
no, what package should i install apart from kdebase can you point me to some link please.
url this has a section talking about swap as a file, its not a header item so youll have to look through to find it
changing the escape code, by the way, is useful for running screens inside screen
i lived up there 16 years ago. heh
run cat filepath ( to see whether fglrx is in there ) if it is then run'sudo perl - pi. bak - e'filepath filepath and restart the machine
if the computer is off, would cron be running?
then you live in a different time zone than me emoji
both of my drives are showing up as ntfs
open up a terminal and type'firefox ', what does it say?
this is correct, its fairly bare - bones ( thought i said that ), but it usually runs quite well on old hardware.
so if you have separate root and home partition? will it index both?
you can help with finding out how much ram?
i am not sure. i just know i would rather use a backport on my system if i was still back on lucid
better idea, do what bruenig said
the gui or the command line?
the program indicate on the ubuntu site works also with windows seven
i have installed but can't use correctly also i have changed httpd. conf to use with php
so if you run'apt - get source packagename'in your home directory it will be stored there.
the linux one is the same, maybe you downloaded a cli only version
you can order free cds to be shipped to you
depends on what you plan to do with it. how big is your drive?
it didn't change any. emoji
can you give us the output from'uname - a'on your machine
not sure. i rarely have to mess with networking at all. id imagine it should start it.
again in what? theere are about a dozen differen irc clients
no, it just locked it.
ubuntu can do most things windows can, but yes there are differences here and there, but this site covers a lot of the basics url
you can't use extended range unless you have an atheros based router ( or compatible )
does necessary codec come with mplayer?
ah ; well, i'll have them uploaded tomorrow, too our normal schedule is'first monday in the month ', but i was too busy yesterday
of course there is, vnc thru ssh is pretty secure
yes, the little exclamation things i am using make ubottu tell you freuent stuff which folks need, like setting up broadcom wifi
download the kernel source code and grep for insults.
i just dont understand why the ipod doesnt go to dont disconnect mode
yeah now with f2 i got a blue window but i can't see someting like microphones
so its possible xfce changed some theme defualts or other files. i dont use xfce so really cant say more.
yes, i seem to have gotten distracted between the time i ran that command, and the time i should have gone to look at the output emoji
i used to run bind, but these days i just collect from dhcp.
butmy wifi card isn't even blinking or anything, its like its off.
gconf - editor - - desktop gnome interface - uncheck ` ` menus _ have _ icons'' but this will apply to all menus, not just places
did you remove both those lines? should look like url try a ` ` sudo ifdown eth0'' then ` ` sudo ifup eth0''
it dosn't, the firefox logo is part of it, if your using a development verison, you have that other logo
sorry, it should be display = : 0 not 0 : 0
that does not make this the ocelet support channel, and watch the attitude please
yes, is the home directory encrypted?
whilst you might get games to run they wont run well
i'm just installing it now. i'll let you know what i do to get it to work ( if i can get it to work )
2k3 and 2k4 come with it, and you can download one for the original ut
im using kontact as well in fact.. with only kmail and korganizer plugins tho
in case you didn't notice at the time i was a bit busy
eh, surely we'd have to symlink rock -.. filepath
it comes down to you needing to configure your system. it should work and vista will still be ther because its not on hd0, 0.
there is none. ubuntu doesn't use the root account. use sudo instead
we need to sync enigmail i am checking if it builds and works in ubuntu due to the new mozilla - thunderbird package
because that's just a temporary fix.
in short open synaptics and search for google earth
is windows the host or guest?
sftp is probably an option in the server. the command line tool on you other pc would be scp. nautlis supports sftp too
yeah i had to remove the before it
so i unmounted the device by umount filepath and then i ran fsck - pv filepath
after you did the - f install?
that's a question for windows i guess
sounds like you're being overly paranoid emoji
i managed to get logged in using ssh. the magic words were ` ` sudo filepath start''
strange that gftp is not cooperating. i'll take a look at nautilus.
do me a favor please : don't fling around swear words such as'damn'that often please. thanks emoji you can upgrade to 11. 04 directly
' sudo su'means ` ` as root, switch user''
thank i'll play with those ideas, if i don't get banned already was playing with sudo earlier : -
i removed those, but pulseaudio wouldnt stop loading, so i went in and removed the config files of pulseaudio
you might be better off just upgrading to 9. 10
also note that due to the diffrerent ways things are compressed in rmvb and avi there can be some extra quility loss
thats the thing, i love it.
it would be nice and fast.
is that in the putty terminal, or does it come up as a dialog?
could you answer a question about xchat?
in all fairness, i'm a pretty good linux candidate, because my requirements are very basic and i don't use any unusual hardware
?? i don't understand i have gl support
yes, but that will only work if your university has intrepid repositories
is that tested using the same windo manager?
i carry newb credentials also, but i don't have a pocket protector yet.
though it's still very unsafe, you can read about ubuntu ntfs writing here : url
but to be frank, i do not know how to change the ubuntu icon in the gnome - panel next to the applications menu
uhhh, i think they're cheap idk..
you can make one. what are you on now?
like hooked on phonics, it works for me.
you will find links to that info on the page ubotu told you about. wiht screenshots and things to guide you though the process.
java and php are for different purposes. php is for web applications. i prefer c rather than java
i will look for it. thanks!
it's called ` ` php5 - pgsql'' on dapper at least
you should be able to get it with sudo aptitude install vuze
` ` mv'' has no ` ` - r'' option
any guidelines on how to do that?
no problem dude. thanx alot for all your effort i appreciate it emoji
sure its labeled correctly by the manufacturer?
it's a synaptics touchpad i think, i've been meddling with some options using synclient and they have effect. they don't fix the problem though
you should download the livecd and try it out first.
ill get you settings whne i get home
you need to check that other window. i typed to you.
i did it half an hour ago
possibly, i haven't studied elsewhere.
i use this : hwclock - - systohc ( after this execute, the problem come!
ubuntu although debian based is incompatible with debian, so the answer is no, however you could back your data up then install ubuntu then restore your data
it barely works, ive tried many times
sudo = superuser do, su = switch user
synaptic ist ( wie? ) yast aber mit weniger probleme. emoji debs sind besser als rpms.
there's a diff between ubuntu with kde - desktop and kubuntu?
serves me right for not checking the net. sorry
breezy's stability is on - and - off, but it really is getting more stable ( noticeably ).
if you found a bug in kde, bugzilla. kde. org
i have the nvidia amaranth package if you need it
hardly, i'm a big fan of commercial software
heh, backup.. no problems have now dumped the post - it with the linux and initrd commands emoji
not sure.. i haven't really been using packaged nvidia drivers for a long time
it says shmconfig is disabled but it isn't according to my xorg. conf
where did you download it from?
i get what you mean, i just don't know how to go about it
i logged out then back in and it says the driver is still not active
what does happen? black window? crash?
well ti depends on how low it is yoru upload speed is almost always substantially less than your download.
what does ctrl enter do? if it does zoom in sure konqueror have that
` ` sudo touch filepath sudo dpkg - reconfigure - phigh xserver - xorg''
im using putty from a windows system to connect to my home linux system
ity comes with a wrapper that hijacks filepath and organises sound for you.
intel and nvidia are both well supported
so it happens to you too?
i dont know i am new to ubuntu
sudo apt - get install xubuntu - desktop and enjoy xfce
and to be blunt if you need webmin to run a server - you should consider using the desktop install as a server
try the filepath thing first. if that works how you want it, then add the line to fstab : filepath filepath ntfs defaults 0 0
i tried deleting the file but i still get the error
no problem, hope it helped clear things up
size in terms of video height and width
ok just enable now trying thanks forgot to enable
perhaps, but a new one will cost around 70 soon
voila, thanks. that whas the trick.
by ` ` pre - development'' do you mean the release candidate?
try mounting by hand. see if it mentions needing fscked.
i'm afraid there is no known way to get that stuff back filepath prior preperation
the key can't be used without having the passphrase, so yes.
does maxdepth go in find or rename?
then check all the boxes in the dialogue box, especially the two containing ` ` universe'' and ` ` multiverse''
if you dont know anything about programing dont start with a game. also its off - topic here
update a package if you only have a tarball? then you need to uninstall the tarball
why is it that whatever we have heard and done till now is being negated
you are in recovery mode? what says a'runlevel'command?
no changes. just use an ip address on the same subnet as the host.
after mount mi ntfs drivers with script where can i find it in filepath?
sure, is this a true server platform or a ` ` pc'' desktop platform?
grub is the default ubuntu boot manager. lost grub after installing windows : url - making grub floppies other grub howtos : url
ok that sounds like the way to go
thanks, i'll check through the log. launching mysqld does nothing, it doesn't appear in ps aux
if you want to use the former, then :
you could just link some directory from the web server to point to your log files dir no need to copy stuff around then
start synaptic through the systemprefrences menu.
please try to keep your filepath on one line - don't use the ` ` enter'' key as punctuation!
bash basics check out the'bash prompt howto'you just set your ps1 variable. emoji
can't exec ` ` libtoolize'' : no such file or directory at filepath line 196.
run the script with the - - fade option and it might undo it
try ubuntu - xgl for more help with beryl compiz issues.
rambo3, which will work better?
cool - - now drag and drop from within the interface
do you care about the names of individual seeds, or do you just look at'all '?
in that filepath type cd filepath usernamefilepath you can use tab to autocomplete directory names
go to the ` ` open with'' tab
and vi users don't talk to pico users etc. etc. etc.
my question is why you are recommending this, when the question should be why synaptic is not asking for his password
it will install an applet at applictionssystem toolshardinfo wich handles listing and a few testing of the hardware
ubuntu theme. ive changed to 3 diff ones to see. no firefox themes installed
hmm not sure but did you push update - manager to ppa? i don't see it
orinoco is natively supported by ubuntu and most other linux distros
priv me a channel for more quiteness : d
so are flash videos mute there also?
neither. install whatever you want normally. it's not difficult at all.
you can also check if the ssh server is running with telnet or netcat : nc ipaddress 22
` ` cd filepath ls - l'' is what you need
do i need to isntall any package from that ppa or just upgrade? coz with upgrade nothing happened
with voip software, you can call landline phones, or any phone, for that matter - and the quality is much better than filepath chat
check out gnome - do to make running tasks and other things much easier
you could check the kernel modules see which ones are in use
would it move from eclipse to zend fairly easily?
exactly what model card do you have?
before you ware using debian? hmno garbage? what about xorg6. 8. 2 - 7 it leaves 50 - 100mb of trash.. i think emoji
i doubt that your problems are being caused by ntfs - 3g
yeah, i'd upgrade, but problem is the thing's a dell nonstandard psu, mobo, case : o
um its going to reset perms on filepath all the time. what is the perm on filepath before you chmod it?
well can you tell me what you did on yours?
now again, have you tried fdisk - l filepath filepath after it? which ide chipset have you got? have you checked if the module is installed?
is there no way to see some sort of upload status?
filepath doesn't always have to be mounted via tmpfs if filepath is mounted as tmpfs, then it is in ram.
if you say ` ` remove'' is complete removal of this 9. 04 fresh install
or fetch that any way you like
you are right you didn't have to say
i a newbie, how do do stream you talked about
well it looks like it is down right now
well, just use the second disk then. that's a lot of space
just drop our patch on xserver - xorg - input - vmmouse ( a similar fix was applied upstream already )
i have a feeling that's extremely difficult.
in my experience, grub - install filepath installs grub in the mbr.
published the url - the reason they look boring and have no lines is because there's just one data point right now emoji
nah, don't be. i've learned a trick or two but since yesterday i've been told that i should give hoary a shot.
hm but there's not ppa for it yet, right?
, but not if your booting from a live cd
2 days ago i installed kubunto everything works fine i innstall updates and some stuff..
so i suspect that they've just ripped plain hfs support out of the firmware - sigh
it's still telling me the directory does not exist
have you tried the simple things?
it has.. for almost a few months
give me exact path to the shortcut.
a super grub fixer iso cd thingy
how do i get the viewer part of x11vnc to work?
my camera batter is 3 years old and is almost next to worthless
i hope they have the talking days first emoji
it said that the access concentrators not found
sounds like some kernel modules for this current kernel are wonky
it should be pretty obvious as to which to download emoji ok i'll have a look
su starts a bash session, sudo does not
it sort of tells you where you are. if you type pwd it tells you the exact folder location you are at
i just have a problem with not using packages or apt in general.
frogzoo : thats a open source editor written in java, especially useful for programmers
first, make sure it's really not there ( i. e. not in a repository that you didn't enable )
you getting an'filepath adnormal exit?
oh in any case wmaster0 is a virtual interface disregard it
i love xfce. it's elegant and lightweight.
then look for the line for what you were mounting, sda1 i think u said it was
and benh needs to release a str patch for 2. 6. 10 - his last one comes nowhere near applying
was wondering about making a debian package
it falls to me to say you have been muted - you will be granted voice again in a few minutes
well i tried host ` ` thenewhost'' and gives an error
believe me, i have tried everything, this is the only way to get beryl on my laptop emoji hehe
post the whole error and the command you used to the pastebin in the topic
i'd say it's a little from column a and a little from column b
but you must get expert on c before you jump into it
that won't work for filepath?
you may want to risk svn and use libgpod
we can add a line to rc. local to bring down the interface
thanks for your help i appreciate it - i've been trying to setup wireless for a long time now heh
8. 10 has been scheduled for an april 30th eol for a while now, it just wasn't in the topic.
i don't know much about them either, i've only heard this one album.
i haven't restarted gnome but it still works right now anyway
nothing, that's just the maximum the uptime counter of linux filepath show
try it for a few weeks read read read stay up all night until your get headaches
im telling u u'll have at least 100gb of unused space and will have to eventually repartition
hm. it technically should but no ideas anymore. sorry.
can fsck check a vfat partition?????
well im talking about, xine, audacious, and compiz as well
if you installed custom stuff maybe filepath
oh yeah for sure. and everything is clean to boot. no messing around with files
is the card hooked up to antenna or cable box?
it used to be where if i had just one application, it would span across the whole barnow its completely random
a fork is when someon takes the source code, runs away in another direction then the original code writer ( s )
yes.. will take one sec.. i emailed it to meself last week lol
one more question, are you using 32bit, or 64bit?
not sure cause im not real sure if deleting them will screw with the firewall built into kernel
always points to your home directory you have to escape it with the backslash!
right right, understand, there's a way to do this
what sort of talk would that be
the one i have installed is 6 - 07 - 3ubuntu2?
just run sudo apt - get install ubuntu - restricted - extras from a terminal and try to play a online game after that is it shockwave or flash?
as stated before there is a way to delete the keyrings and all, i just dont know where to find it in unity
you can install it with any package manager, eg : sudo apt - get install irssi
which intel chipsets for video do they hav?
when i attempt to'start'the lvm from the live cd it says that the'daemon is inhibited'does this mean it is probably unsupported
i'm old and slow, and old, and usually angry
ok and what is the partition name ( filepath for example ) you will see that if you run the commad ikonia said
ah. ic. i'll stay with centericq then emoji
what version of firefox are you using? consider backing up your bookmarks and reinstalling firefox to the latest version.
yeah i can't stand anything below 75 but once it get to 85 it's all ok
i did check the one on buildd. d. o
oh your someone else that wants to install ubuntu
yeah i'm determined.. once grub is sorted out it'll work
i can just move the files and do it that way. no big
your router runs dhcp and leases ip addresses? so you need dhcp client
i hear ya. when you trade in eye candy for functionality, lem me know
that's happening after yesterday's upgrade
do you have administrator access to the machine?
i wonder if they do some weird stuff depending on the browser identification
you don't need a router, but you need a crossover cable.
you are to fast, i just wana also give some one infos
i mean, mythbuntu and ubuntu aren't as dissimilar as say, ubuntu and kubuntu are they?
if i know the answer. my knowledge is narrow but shallow emoji
come back if you have any questions
it will always work, but it breaks things and is redundant. sudo - i is the more desirable way to accomplish the same thing
that is a question best left to the philosophers.
dist - clean should wipe out the binaries it made as well
filepath isn't really a good option if you want to use files on windows and linux
there's alot of narcissitic characters on here be careful emoji
lol. that sucks man. i need to find a solution where i can just forward one process, like emacs
allright, i'm switching back to windows, let's see how it works
what would be a good site to test the functionality
search for ugly it's called ` ` gstreamer extra plugins''
just because they installed correctly dosent mean they dont have bugs. emoji
you know what? i found the solution. lame as it may be. :
not interested to install move than one player for movies emoji. one player for all file format would be gem
kind of like having a cisco acl that just has 1 line access - list 1 deny any any
suspend is saving to ram, hibernate is saving to disk.
thanks. does that mean that new images will be generated again?
goto, menu system preference appearance, last tab
that's really the measure of a solid filesystem - - getting the same files out as you put in emoji
alright, so your drivers aren't working. pastebin your filepath file
they've both been in there for a couple of releases.
yeah, mine isn't so i forgot about that
including on the old versions of it, so i could see what still needed a rebuild. which would have beena round the time i last uploaded apt
errm, actually to think about it - - you'll need to remove ` ` exit?'' ass that will exit the script if the command before it fails
into the nas or another machine in the lan
use'su - c command'for single command login in root account but please keep in mind this is channel about kubuntu
yea, when you first said that you'd be expanding ` ` left'', i had a feeling it would be difficult
i don't know usb pppoe modems, but that command will show you any and all files being added or removed from filepath in those ten seconds
does it give errors? start it from konsole to see
nah, this is something quick and simple, don't need the framework or memory consumption java provides
and i guess when dealing with wine there is one more chance to get character encodings messed up emoji
i use ubuntu at home ; i'm somewhere else, running debian, without root emoji
vnc gives you a full desktop. but it can be slow.
nodnod. i see the schedule says by the 6th. fun!
that's only on one server and is slower the
gnome - games glchess is in universe ; sru yes, 8. 04. 1 no, sorry
reboot he computer and when grub comes up hit esc and select recovery mode. then run the mv command and reboot
currently there are issues with many intel graphics cards in 9. 04, but 9. 10 should have that kind of stuff fixed
qtparter i have, i'm guessing the device it shows on the usb is filepath
you don't need to download flash player
ubuntu is the ubuntu support channel, ubuntu1 supports the development version of ubuntu and ubuntu - offtopic is for random chatter. welcome!
to highlight others in such a busy channel, type the first three or so letters, then hit the tab key and you complete their nickname
that's what kamion will be learning
do you have wine?? or you dont know wine yet??
well, after the second cd is split out ( which i plan to do durng the sprint ) i will have space for two kernels
not exactly i didnt even have to mess with group policy in windows all i did was right click the recycle bin and select permanently delete in windows
i got stuck on another site installing 4 new plugins.
can't. i can't run amsn
yeah, i just thought of that too.
you are possibly typing the name incorrectly note that linux is case sensitive
try url in your file browser, then create the folder as normal
it probably reads the config, yes
got v4l2 installed or just v4l?
djplay is the software is the thing you should be lookng for
you can see possible options with modinfo snd - sbawe
thx, i tried in gnome, but can't seem to find the buttons..
hmm like non - free restricted modules or something? i dont know anything about the dark side of linux.
i would like to help you but that is compiz package related bug and unfortunately i can't help on this.
not sure why cron is giving you problems so i dunno. cron jsut launches ` ` jobs'' maybe is one specific job the one causing problems
that's all i remember from my usage of mysql a couple of years ago or so.
i'll let ya know soon as i get it pastebinned
can you pastebin the. sh file?
are you sure you want to do taht
which i am not fond of..
sorry, was away. i would not advise that you use ftp instead, for obvious security reasons.
it's nice if you're the new york times and need to put as much text on each page as possible.
v10 alpha 64bit works well : url
so if i have automatix on my system upgrading to feisty will messup?
restricted - extras is a metapackage, which means it is a shortcut to multiple packages
i'm gon na go, thanks for the help
try reinstall ubuntu see iif that works.
and the flv to mpg contains no sound emoji
you mean comment out, not take out, right?
okay thanks. ill remember that next time.
trying to get the internal speakers working, so don't have an hdmi cable to test it on
i'm not sure about synaptic, but you can check filepath
oh yeah, i launched mplayer accidentaly. anyway, how do you control the brightness, contrast, etc? i don't see related options
anyway im off to sleep.. good night and good luck emoji
do you have an eta? rc is getting awfully close
go to the xcaht homepage.. search the forums for the link to the old color filepath copy it to your. xchat dir
that may be an issue.. you could use'kdesudo commandtorun'it should in theory ask for the password
well, it seems mplayer is calling end of file on exit. try it
- 2 c so warm day, too warm
it shouldn't. ( there's a reason why some people use virtualbox to test drives oss emoji )
your just like me, you like the console. that's right..
privmsg me if you want and we can work it out
the usual : does it happen with other user accounts as well?
you need to run as root ( sudo fdisk filepath
welp, phpsupport, iqdesk, exophpdesk, hesk, just to name a few
why do you use two browsers?
good to know maybe i stick with intrepid since i'm afraid about everything going down again downgrading
just tells me what your irc client says it is
yeah, i'm on vista atm
i didnt have sound until i installed sauerbratten and a couple of things and suddenly i had sound.. go figure
ubuntu releases a new version every 6 months. each version is supported for 18 months to 5 years. more info at url url
try ` ` xterm'', the most basic terminal emulator
i got everything setup, and then realized my wireless wouldn't work correctly, or not at all
escott : yeah it exist, let me see what's in it escott
one fellow had a mismatch between fstab and swapon - s but that doesn't seem to be my case.
did you run the commands actionparsnip gave you?
yes. trying to run amnesia in wine ( which has a platinum compatibility rating ) returns this
aha! thanks! now, will it remember that it i unmount, unplug, and replug in the future?
i read that'savage'feels like a chore to play true?
yes, that's a goal, but i want it for more than that
i can't choose ` ` dont ask for password on login'' for the guest account.
never fixed using the wiki here is how i do it : type sudo grub
does it ask for your password?
no, the livecd doesn't touch your disc.
why are you doing that? its almos trivial to follow the nvidia - wiki and get them, going.
ok. can you please take a look at this? these permissions made me suspicious. url
what do you mean by working?
yeah but to change folder setting you need to make a root with a password
you mean purge out the whole synaptic
hrm interesting. is there a filepath entry for apt?
progressbar, ubuntu logo. it looks stretched.
there is also 64bit and ppc, i nneded to kno what kinda computer he has.
i used to use gnome ( ubuntu ) but karamba make my final appeal : d
is that the ` ` first'' user on your ssystem?
what do you mean about a dock?
worms, however, are another story. in general, av products for linux are intended to protect other computers from viruses.
you can try cedega cvs, look online for guides
is that a question for me?
yes as long your rules will not reject your ubuntu pc..
ok i want you to restart x ther proper way dont do anything till you read thisfirst ctrlaltf1 then log in then sudo filepath restart
i asked for that factoid just to show, that pidgin is in fakt just newer gaim.
thanks. i'll work on that now.
amarok says ` ` some media could not be loaded not playable''
i have a new battery and it was showing proper 3 hour backup untill i removed hardy and put jonty
but there's also a chance that your hd light is a general ide bus light, so it's flickering because your cd's being used.
install gcc3. 4 export the path and try again cpan to see what it does..
any messages from your wlan stick would be near the end
do u want to see the full result of running make?
i just want to be able to boot into kde and xfce from ` ` select session''
are you sure that your ssh client properly finds and uses this key?
it was my last reply to the thread ( to colin's mail )
thank you. i'll download janitor and see if that takes care of the problem.
i just downloaded oo. org at around 2. 7mbps emoji
step one, is to fix your caps lock key.
i just fired up the disk use analizer. usage is the percent of the total space used that corresponds to each folder
i thought it was every other version ; i could be wrong
when i press one of the buttons on localhost : 631 it asks for a username and password. how do i setup a username and password?
didn't know about that one emoji
thx, it's feisty for sure
i tryed to edit the xorg. conf to use ` ` ati'' drivers. no sucsses..
you do not have the permission necessary to view the contents of ` ` windows'' ( the folder we made )
you can do it. if i can, i know you can.
he apparantly had it installed before, menu. lst got overwrote or something so he booted into livecd to fix
ah i have had that error before how did i fix it. hmmmm
if you have a password on the share you can use :
you could do a ` ` killall gnome - session''
okay, lets try uninstalling your compiled version, then ` ` modprobe - r ndiswrapper''
well, you could pipe it in, but keys is a better solution
buy a logitech guaranteed to work or ill pay your money back
so i'm going to set up breezy 64 - bit's base system and then install the full system once i've confirmed that the slowdown isn't happening.
which python book did you get?
i somewhat appreciate static libraries in jails chroots emoji
i'm using the proprietary drivers already intrepid doesn't run right at all on this laptop, that's why the 8. 04
so i change breezy for dapper?
uhsometimes it's used that way. i think it unlikely you use it unless you set it up in the installer
heh, i'll have to read up on this spell checking and tabs stuff emoji
just a 5gb folder in my system
then i suggest you to take a walk outside and come back asking when you will be calmed down
i know that windows chokes on files that start with a dot, dunno about ` ` :''
so how, whats the command, im a big of a noob
hmm.. well i use a tool primopdf for windows ( virtual printer.. mayb a virtual pdf printer for ubuntu might be the solution
ubuntu detects a lot of your hardware. that will really mess you up
you would need to make sure paul is not a member of the group on the file and that others dont have execute permissions
it should say'connection refused'or something
and to be honest, you're really on your own when it comes to building software. we only support official ubuntu packages here
so it's all about this lunch interfaceemoji
first, make a backup the file give it a name of your choosing
i thought you mispelled mgs4 or something and just logged in.
well, your bios needs to able to boot from your card reader for the former.
i'm pretty constained to nvidia, unless i only wan na use a small part of my screen
it's ` ` additional drivers'', ` ` hardware drivers'', ` ` restricted drivers'', or something like that in one of the menus
you can check in ksystemlog as well
we can even go for ubuntu 11. 04 and wil all the tools work.
and what about packages, are the repos the same?
can you try burning it with'disk utility '?
it may be worth posting the full error message to the pastebin for all to see
i meant it's not the same
just don't be standing on carpet, and preferably wearing shoes or barefoot and just touch the case first
i'm trying to think all i can think of is removing filepath i dont tinker too much!
i knew it existed in other distros - didn't know about that emoji
` ` sudo apt - get install update''.. ` ` sudo apt - get install icedtea - 6 - plugin''
but i want to execute an application which command line name i ingnore.. but i can see it in a menu for just click on
ok you have to delete the quiet and splash
because you used the netbookremix and switched to a normal desktop i bet
yes, it can read ntfs volumes by default but you may need to install something for write access
foomatic - db really did not hit the archive yet, i checked on url should be 0ubuntu2
i do beacuse i use ext3 for filepath and xfs for and filepath for desktop use i maily use 4 primary partitions
you clicked on the speaker icon at the bottom of the pc speaker control so it put a red x through the icon?
you have asked that before still not advised but feel free to beta test it for the rest of us..
i meant can i use gparted from inside ubuntu without rebooting?
you can add a journal to an ext2 partition later on iirc
type dmesg in a terminal windows and look for any messages regarding tv card, then report back
it is your eyes maybe lol emoji )
you'll have to go to one of the links and play one of the videos.
are there manual settings i can use?
! uses fluxbox but this is! ot
there are some flash issues right now for many
belboz99 : what method do i use for setting monitor characteristics, simple, medium, or advanced?
_ kmh _ run your windows install media and get into the rescue console then issue fixmbr
your music is on your server and you want play it on your workstation?
after auto eth5 - add - iface eth5 inet dhcp - to filepath
yep thats the tool to edit it.
i just downloaded ff 3. 5. 3 and extracted it to my desktop and ran the ff file and it works just fine and doesnt require any package manipulation
he can get it to work in the browser already
there are graphic modes and other stuff in that grub file you changed but think it might be a driver error and this might not fix it
i was wrong, a webiste says it's in the package fish, but i believe it to be in the package gnome - panel - data under the fish heading
i thought you had it all installed already? that's how you should have installed it?
probably someone to package it, a deb diff. i don't know ask the ubuntu mozilla team
i've done a apt - get remove ubuntu - desktop but it did not remove things like openoffice and things like that.. i only wanted to leave the base xubuntu load.
somebody broke their code, and the browser is barfing. simple.
and you can play an ogg in rb, just not by clicking on it? i have no idea why it's not working.
how can i change anything though?
url go here and try number 3 on the list for codecs
i didn't blacklist to my knowledge, i just ran a check. this is a fresh 11. 10 install
cheers for taking the time in any case
i don't know which one, sorry
bash advanced scripting guide ( the free book )
never mind. i found some links on google. thanx a lot!
please don't flood, use url to paste, don't use enter as punctuation.
no known serious problems, potential serious problems. untested.
i juat ran 3 youtube vids and no crash
i am installing gsreamer - mad ( see that on the wiki ) i make a try
i don't think that is what he is trying to do but not sure.
what kind of a repository? a repository of apt packages?
dunno, haven't tried, but the lunchpadders seem keen
i'm looking through your files now
that doesn't sound like 10. 10 broke it. is it an internal hdd?
move the directory and leave a symlink pointing to the new location at filepath
okay, now look at his linux partition.
i guess we'll move bug 120107 to tribe - 3?
if that's not to your tastes, you may prefer to wait until april, or to use ` ` backports'' mentioned in the wiki
dude even i can google it for a link but i need a gui version so i pinged here
you don't do - 777, you do 777
what would my windows boot string be?
when talking about ` ` gnome vs kde'' you will never get anything that does not result in a flamewar imho. emoji
yep, after rebooting and choosing the recovery repair x server, then loaded normally
do not post the syntax no matter the context
doesn't work with 7. 04 or 7. 10rc
i had to reinstall windows xp due the lack of a really good scanning prog but i need it so windows does the job
backing up your homedir is always a good idea emoji
possibly, but i'm up the creek if thats the case
you don't need to use vmplayer, that's just to illustrate the point.
yeh ill link you to the ppa key
that's no option but thanks, i will just build my own firefox package
yes, if you want to connect to your local machine. but i don't see any sense in it.
what are you actually trying to install?
so you type in ` ` gksudo gparted'' and it starts fine. but from the menu it crashes?
np. also check the wine application compatibility db for your particular app
i don't want to wipe the drive
what does'lspcigrep vga'show?
you should read the last entry on that page i linked.. it may help
no, i think ` ` developers only'' pretty much covers it.
sorry buddy - there was low sound in sound mixer. but i didn't look there because there was sound when os started and ended
i just figured it out. i had to run the command ` ` xdg - user - dirs - update - - force'' then log into another language and then back out.
why is that? sound works here with gnome's sound server
rm : can not remove obviously': no such file or directory
thanks. doesnt look like the native bcm driver is loaded
ok, you said you already removed it, so try the following
ok. so that doesn't work. pitty.
no, you don't need sudo w gstreamer properties
yeah, looks like johnnytang24 has the correct way to do it. bad guess on my part
i know that but there are numerous other folders, i am looking for some manual which explains the contents and purpose of the folders
that is the standard stuff for compiling manualy
amarok! i love it man!
if specifically ubuntu, more than likely
thats why it does that on movies.
if you want to use uuid, you can see them with blkiid command
because it's a simple way to put a roadblock in the way of the spammers that keep hitting the channel without overly inconveniencing legitimate users.
yeah you need to tell me whats ivtv
hehe thank you very much. although it was called compizconfig - settings - manager, in case you want to know. thanks
i've not registered this nick. so i can't reply to your pms. but i highly appreciate your assistance emoji
you installed ffmpeg, and it worked?
thanks, it seems to be installing linux - image2. 6. 35 just fine now.
gpg isn't a hash function, gpg uses hash functions
i am currently doing the ibus stuff
doesn't appear to be, but chrome couldn't start because of it
yeah, you have to modify the specification file for the targets. i'd say start here : url, and here : url.
there are several options. i like going to rafb. net
ubuntu - desktop is just a meta package for installing filepath type thing
alsa creates a layer that masks as oss for things that need it
i guess the lesson is : if it is expected to be pushed upstream, branch off of the upstream branch and then work downwards from that.
[ 85. 882213 ] iwl3945 0000 : 10 : 00. 0 : loaded firmware version 15. 32. 2. 9 in win ( and ubuntu10 ) it worked perfectly
removing from desktop isnt hiding it it removes it
uninstall the lampp thing you got, plesae
a serious emphasis on proactive security like selinux and new kernel patches
do u know anything about setting up usb printers?
cd to the directory of itunesetup. exe and execute wine itunesetup. exe
nope thats not working my screen is all black and keys are not responding
ok, i did it in synaptic, but same thing
i had that too, but i ignored it. does the nvidia x server settings window open?
you don't have to download an iso
emoji i bet you'll regret saying that, but thanks = ]
sounds like it's simply not working, though no idea why
i dunno iam asking. how can this be usful like example.
no, maybe you are using the package from tepsipakki?
oh wait i got confused that's a here document
did you install any bridging utilities?
you could always run it with low permissions or better yet, run it in a ` ` sandbox''
that is what is reported and we discussed on friday. i think the guess of a kernel change comes from there
but if those. so files link with the kernel maybe it would be more difficult than i imagin
the damn beagle started indexing my files emoji
filepath and synaptic and the commands for instaling stuff in jauntey
i don't have time at them moment to walk you through it again. ask someone to help you add filepath
it's not going to slow things down if there's no ipv6 is there ( rfc 6555, section 3. 2 warns about this ).
i'm using testdisk now to back up the linux partition
no, depending on various criteria if it is in this genre, before this yearand so on. think of it as a regex for songs
i tried, but didn't hear anything. it was mplayer inside firefox.
please ignore that moron and go on emoji
i saw, and tks abchirk for that but i also don't have a group called pulse
ok well it's got both at the moment
yeah, but it's not instant as well designed as the unity one, but guess i'll have to settle, thanks emoji
ok. i didn't get the problems on ubuntu 10 lts
digikam's is ok, thx anyway
you sound like meyou burn'em toss'em somewhere and rather download it again than get up a look for it under the heap lol
i got in the guest account through a lot of workmy main account is still non functional
if you need to burn more than just data, music, etc. graveman or gnomebaker is a good idea
gnome baker shows the dive capabilities is there a cdrecord command that does that?
zonealarm is blocking them i presume?
lol, im not experienced as you, but ill try to help
either anonymous, or ti side - step restrictions
thanks seem to have worked now just need to rewrite it
my bad, it was ubuntugeek. url
google around for how to pipe vnc through ssh. that's about as secure as you're going to get
so you cant do it in the mount process you have to chown it after?
have you googled ` ` restricted formats'' at site : ubuntulinux. org?
lol, got ta see if it's worth my time!
was trying with sound recorderguess i can stop pulseaudio and try it out
i would, but my only option is a laptop right now, and unless i carry around an external drive
read the release notes. sudo is changing
i'll try. satzo : what app
in a konsole do : aplay - l
publically, as in the ubuntu community?
i have no idea, he's just brilliant.
i don't have it, and i don't have heavy latency
you read it as'xchat is reundant '
i would logout of the desktop or rebot.
but it depends how many services, pids are running at all wm's like icewm or lubuntu make a - slight on that hw - difference
what audio chipset is it? maybe latest alsa tarball could get it to work
try using the ubuntu software package manager instead of downloading deb files
so, if it's a text file, sudo gedit. filepath
not sure, never used it either
are you running lucid lynx 10. 04 rc?
it should still be a separate patch ; directly modifying the upstream source is both hard to maintain and also hard to see what actually changed
e desliga o caps, please emoji
if you must, ( though i suggest you use a real language ) gambas
is it bootable on the computer that burned it or just the one other one?
i still feel guilty from that too
and windows is completely set up and takes you no time at all to continuously update antivirus and definitions etc, does it?
i usually use - ss when i run my scans i don't know why really maybe just habit.
assholes like you are the reason why many ppl keep away from linux, iw onder what you are doing on ubuntu
i dont use windows or smb emoji ask google
doesnt media player support wmv via plugin?
lots, had to turn it off to play shootgal. exe emoji
its not a matter of bandwidth its a matter of latency
why on earth did you pick ` ` root'' as a user name???
you can convert ext3 to 4 but you dont get all the benefits of ext4
or iostat, it shows statistics per disk emoji
are you sure it's possible on linux?
ubuntu - offtopic is a better place for chit - chat, but welcome!
lsmod grep module, paste just the one the line with just the module in it
basically plug them both in the same network and the whole'right click and share'thing should work for you just like windows to windows
how does it run when you close all apps, and just use one at a time?
do ctrlaltf1 and log in, unless you screwed your password
there is a howto in the forums, takes you all the way through installing wine, then installing utorrent.
aptitude it is i guess, since i'm not using x
has he tried turning it off and on again
yes but his house is kinda 15 block away lol
if it's not installed, how can it possibly be run? i'm honestly not getting it!
i dont use kde check out kubuntu
so when that happens i will come crying to mc44 ( who is a saint! ) and i will bother you too emoji if you don't mind
because trying to pour 32 gallons of water into a 64 gallon container manages to mess up somehow, things don't fit right
heh, kmenu multimedia ksnapshot ( that's what printscreen is a shortcut for )
but yes, the one in universe
vnc is a protocol for remote desktop. url describes how to use it securely. it works best over fast connections, otherwise look at! freenx
if you have it in the directory filepath you should only need to add that to your path.
can what does your fstab file look like?
i downloaded it from the net at url
unless the cd is laced with floor cleaner
i got this wireless working about 2 weeks ago
there are good alternatives to most popular windows programs, plus you can get some working rather well in wine
i was having trouble with audio. i deleted apps with reference to pulse and jackd, rebooted for clean start
and i would use checkinstall instead of make install since it will create a deb package first
ssh into it and run ` ` halt''
emoji um. have you mounted your ubuntu filepath into your knoppix? you can edit the xorg. conf from there emoji
do a google on debian - devel debian - sys - mantain ; that'll probably pull up the discussion of when it was implemented
if you unplug and replug will it auto mound?
what is the ` ` aptitude'' part?
i'm guessing you don't have a network interface configured yet on the 192. 168. 1. network
do i understand correctly that you've set flux as your default wm?
instead of enbedding a temrinal emulator, why not run the cli mpd client in another tty?
the question is, why are random parts of the ubuntu delta dropped in this merge?
complain to the website that they need to embed their fonts emoji
similar setup with jaunty eveything worked just perfect including hdmi
run this in a terminal : man apt - get and look for ` ` purge''
well its not hard to fix it, just do'sudo chmod urwx filepath
it will do a lot more than just the ip.
also it basically uses up more ram, since every pointer takes up 8 bytes instead of 4
it's in the plans, they just haven't done it for wahtever reason
yes, but a variation that i never saw before, and i can't find the right onei think i tried them all in the layouts list
hm compile kernel shouldn't be that hard.. but well. im a slacker.. i live for that
u can ignore it could be a transitional package to avoid confusion
oh hmm weird, maybe video card driver issue?
have looked at all the options still think vlc should be the best but it simply doesn't seem to work
longwave : allright, so i guess i might have been looking for that.. i remember it was.. well.. how to put it.. irritating ( dselect )
run ` ` metacity - - replace'' in a terminal
i guess it worked, hold on
but i'm not even sure i had hibernated windows this time. and it just seems really risky, i don't want to lose files emoji
i want to do everything without a gui, let me check filepath file
zsquareplusc : and i get an error when i start every virtualmachine saying usb that can not use usb's
yeah or use synaptic, it will install a few kde libraries with it, but nothing huge i dont thing
awesome - the kernels are all gone. what the
ubotu, thank you for your help, got it now
i suppose it only works for the routing ports ( nat ) where router itself requests an ip - address.
i switch back and fourth all the time
so have you try the mandriva?
yeah, but i don't know where anymore
according to that link you have to add the commercial repository ( and change dapper references to feisty )
keep in mind tho that with arch you'll probably be bleeding quite a bit, but you will be on the edge.
that is, unless we can figure out how to get those translations into the langpacks themselves
that's weird. i don't know why that's happening.
it's likely that it won't work without it ; i had the same problem.
crimsun, yes ill try the other free slot
you can also mount ssh access using sshfs. very cool.
or is my browser just better : d
oo reading material emoji thanks mate!
btw, that's lvm. you probably have ext partition
do you mean the kde desktop?
ok. i'm talking about a celeron 433mhz, 256mb ram, 8gb disk but i've seen faster bootups on the system emoji
read the chown manpage. you'll learn something.
if i try to remove knetworkconf it wants to remove the whole kubuntu - desktop
do you think i still need to run fc - cache afterwards?
check the wine app database on that app. it might not work properly in wine.
lol k9copy works out of the box even with the arccos i'm dumb lol
please drop it or ill have to place you on ignore as well
yeah if you look down further on the page i believe you will find the answer to your problem in regards to usb
protip : wiki. ubuntu. com before you do something with assumed knowledge
system administration software sources, then uncheck everything under ` ` installable from cd - filepath
try restarting the service sudo filepath restart
you can encrypt something with that user's public key so that only they may read it using their private key
hmm, still - lavcodec and - lavformat no''
so, as far as ubuntu cares, there are just junk bits
( ip address ) ( share name ) ( filepath smbfs ( options ), usernameemojiwhatever you need for anonymous ), passwordemojisee previous ) 0 0
unless you used - - prefix = filepath it would be in filepath ( at least the executable )
ok, but your question is?
it could be one of those things that looks, on the face of it, pretty easy but isn't
guess? ok, i will give it a try let me see what happens emoji
yu can always boot to live cd to fix what yuo have dnoe
ah, who needs x servers anyway emoji
i suppose that might be the solution, yes.
system preferences startup applications - - for putting them on a particular workspace, i don't think so. enjoy ubuntu.
strange but this computer is old.
i think that's what i'll do when i get ready to upgrade next time
yes, it will be released next week
whatever i find i will report as a bug thanks
prerequisites - conditions to be met before you do something.. in this case, verify that all the packages that amsn depends on are installed first
to add programs to start up when you log into your gnome session go to systempreferencessessions and use the startup programs tab. for more information, see url
if you tab complete my full nick it will highlight me.. didn't you see what i said literally 30 mins ago
i did send casper to the buildds already
and zykotick9 is correct, the samba daemon is smbd
i have two nics in my computer, and one of them is allowing me on the internet now. other is connected to my otehr comptuer.
type lsusb and see what that tels you
aah i see what you mean about iface
in sudoers you want your user added
in a terminal ` ` sudo swapon - f filepath i think
ok, now i downloaded that ar9170usb patch, a diff file what to do? where can i find the driver file? in which folder?
sorry, don't know much about ati. all i know is that the ati - drivers are a major pita in linux
i read some good things about an app that does this a while ago, not sure what it was called though
actually i prefer synaptic if i need a gui, otherwise it's apt - get
please don't flood ; use url to paste ; don't use enter as punctuation.
actually didn't even noticed it wasn't displaying for a week so not sure what caused it to stop
i can see how that would be anoying. hit google and ubuntu forums.
why do you assume i didn't file bugs? emoji have you ever known me to just shut up about bugs i hit? emoji
usually you can run'sudo make uninstall'to uninstall it
what happens when you go to youtube or something with flash?
the grub boot record goes to the mbr. it then reads files from the filepath location to do the actual booting.
we only support official ubuntu releases here
i may not be able to help much more. my experience with nvidia cards is a bit outdated and i've never used one with ubuntu.
thats how sudo works.. if you dont understand why - read up on sudo
why settle for a ` ` versoin''? intall stella ( atari emulator ) and play the original ( :
the is no such thing as pride here 3
dr _ willis's advice is probably the easiest, if it doesn't work, try url
desktop - effects will not offer to install fgrlx, just nvidia
do you know about nick completion? on most clients, you can press tab when you have typed someones name in halfway
pressing the lcd higher may damage it =
but my best bet is remove nvidia card and try with your onboard one emoji think there's a good chance there
i have mounted it and there is a video _ ts and audio _ ts directory
i found my problem, apparently i had the file -. srt in my dir, which caused the program to fail
sorry, that spits out too much. apt - cache - - names - only search linux source
i would assume hurd doesn't run linux binaries emoji
k thats as far as i go emoji yes.. msl has a point, the tutorial is for virtualbox and not for vmware
crontab - e ( for setting it up for the user you're logged into ) or sudo crontab - e ( for root services ).
never installed barry through a ppa tbh - let me check
yw, see you in a couple weeks
yes, my friend is running ubuntu on one
wont that filepath fix the problem?
all my kicker bugs involve running two kickers on multiple displays
no, its sound overall, for everyone in the system
what path does it give you for flash?
so you are forwarding to a new box? you need to delete the entry for that ip in. filepath
its packaged and ready in the repo, why are you compiling?
you should expect it to be much more broken at times
also.. since we are developing a new layout.. i would add a dirctory parallel to build - tree that i would call src - dep - unpack.
thanks. ill make them get part magic
the correct place is actually in filepath
well i hope i can get rid of this package, its disabling me from doing anything, even getting cpan modules!
10. 04 is considered the long term support version, aka lts
to unrar them then open a terminal go to the dir with rar and type unrar e filename. rar
i don't know what's te problem. but maybe they have the wrong configuration with the hardware
if this cd is a dvd or blueray, and you have the iso image on your computer, does running the iso through totem work?
boot a live cd and run'lspci '
first thing comes to mind is the sdc1 is not actually ext3
not sure why the uncommenting approach failed the archwiki method works for me
jcastro fwiw, orchestra used to do this :
i am a bit confuse again i am a bit confuse again in filepath
it's a kernel accelerator for the vm.
ubuntunoobz i have to reboot, brb.
hmm do you have an nvidia card on that system as well?
yeah, well, ubotto isn't always right. i much prefer webmin, as it's a lot more flexible
ati isnt helpful in general as far as drivers
your command is less hassle. is all. emoji
just add it to your session.
is ca. archive. ubuntu. com down? i can't ping it. try removing the ` ` ca.''
i think if you uninstall indicator - sound it will remove the new volume and leave the mail icon. good luck.
so if he uses that with ext3 it doesnt record the journal = screwed up
hm. what graphics card do you have?
checked already. it doesn't clearly specify whether it has builtin memory or not.
the new partition table option you'll find under device - make new partition table or something like that..
are you on dapper or edgy?
i got the error ne to sleep )
erm, did you choose to let it automatically partition?
let's see. i need to shut down now to try to find the error. thansk for your time.
if you're using 9. 10 disregard everything i've said emoji good luck man.
are you certain that you got the syntax right?
you actually use filepath as your primary os?
so putting the user names in that file will do the job so i must fix that file with a text editor and put it where?
backup filepath or whatever your windows partition is.
i'll give it a shot, but i think it's something more to do with ubuntu
if the problem exists in all operating systems, chances are it's a hardware problem
try man mount. it'll be somethingl like, mount - t auto filepath filepath make sure the dir exists in filepath
i just wanted to ask for examples emoji well i get it it only interprets regex differently
yeah, how are you coming with that? any pages that say others have the same thing happen to them?
edit the machine settings and remove the cdrom virtual device
its the audio mixer settings, you can adjust bass, treble, pc speaker volumes, etc
you may now who i am im dark _ alex
oh, right. that driver is buggy tho. it always yells at me firmware error detected in filepath
and now last rows are : ` ` md1 : resync done''. so, it showed that both raids successfully resynced
i've become quite apt at reading peoples minds actually _
i commend you. you have a great deal more patience than i do.
` ` sudo cat filepath gives me ` ` 1024 0 38001'' and it doesn't go over 1024
i can't tell sizes from that. it is not in human readable numbers
i'm with tking0038 on this one
go to debian for questions about debian
how did you burn the cd?
explain again the thing with kliper? why it is better then using the mouse?
mplayer - 586 : depends : libsvga1 but it is not installable or
hardly the'50s, just a better - behaved channel than most
no, you type lsusb in terminal and it lists the usb devices detected
only through friends who have to use it at work
the router, is it set to not broadcast?
windows - server = bad, so why you want linux to be bad?
where are you stuck? what's it doing?
i guess i'll have to accept that my dvd - night is ruined, lol.
wait up. what nvidia drivers do you have installed?
kishan _ : it is working, yes. but not for anything i've done. it just suddenly decided to have dhcpdiscover work. this concerns me.
your own or some from kdelook or something similar?
mime encoding is exactly the correct thing to use in e - mail
odd should work = can't help anymore, just a gerneal linux mystery
hum, i'll have to look into them
yes but i think rsync will work better for this. i can give you the command in a sec
what video card do you have??
install fedora, then the package manager will match the distro.
below that, there's ` ` manage groups''. that is the button you want.
and it isn't firefox'fault that the extension authors haven't updated emoji
wait a sec.. we are refering to going from dapper to edgy right? i though dapper was 6. 10..
thank you, could you tell me why i can't see the second access point?
i have something called notifacation area in my add to panel i cant remember if breezy has that
you running some business on this? or a normal home user?
so, its probably either grub hanging, or misconfigured.
do you have a link url?
take you here if you followed the instructions - url
but thats overkill for what you're trying to accomplish
ere4si, negge, xcell : ty
nope, thanks - the idea that i hadn't configured tvoutformat or tvstandard just occured to me
i hated doing it that way, has the rdm taken over for nvidia - settings, as twice today, ppl had the same error running it
you will need to run : sudo filepath restart
also, i'm a geek, not a nerd
how are you getting along??
er, rather using the pastebin this time.
correct, no driver is loaded for the phone. it does work on a ms - windows notebook, so i'm fairly confident the phone itself is functional.
replacing it basically makes it transparent. so makes it same as before, just better.
listen to what we are saying!
if you just want a list of directories and their contents try the'tree'tool - you may need to install it from apt first
c6deb1dc78a351dc3869e9be2c094f7a vs. c6deb1dc78a351dc3869e9be2c094f7a, looks fine here
a window prompting you for sudo does not pop up?
ok, fair enough then : ]
er, this is c? no. h, just iostream
thanks.. but i got a strage think tryin a lspci - vv i got ` ` interrupt : pin a routed to irq 0'' got a clue?
i think fluendo had the feeds archived
read the ` ` introducing automatic crash reporting in edgy'' mail from martin on the - announce list
hit any key when the man appears - it should put you into the menu
yeah no problem, we all do it once and get kicked emoji
then i must have switched it off somehow?
how do you tell ivan its a bot : d
thanks. i'm gon na try that out.
why do you think they are competing in any way?
could it be that the hotkey isn't assigned to do gnome - screensaver - command - - lock, whereas the menu entry is?
new cloop name will be : filepath
after i install the essential builder what should i do next?
you do not use ifconfig for wireless.
probably because you've not installed the codecs
hmm. except, it is in the repositories for dapper, i just looked.
yes, but an audio cd doesn't have an iso 9660 filesystem.
i think it means that, yes. i got the info from the bot, i'll send it to you, sec.
i don't believe that will help during boot emoji
screen lets you keep a terminal running even when your not logged in have fun.
trick someone else into doing it for you.
even if there are some differences with the hardware, you can still do it and it will or should auto detect.. at worst you have to reconfig xorg
that makes no sence to me.
yeah, i'm afraid too, i don't want to lose my recovery emoji
have you described two different problems or something? i'm talking about your disk activity causing a loss of response to other programs.. not some monitor viewing angle
ah thanks, i was looking in the wrong folder, worked perfect
not sure, i can look real quick. it's ubuntu - server though
: wq isnt a command in pico
it comes with many apps that aren't default in gnome.
default installs 1 or two packages = commercial environment - hacked to death and back typical home user emoji
what does ` ` echo display'' say?
information about games on ubuntu can be found at url and url
for me, it sounds like canonical doesnt have any keywords unless activating online search results.
yes, but how do i make it record my playback device rather then my microphone?
as i said, don't activate it then
not really a question for this channel, my want to ask the kernel team.
i work in the goddamn greek embassy and i hate those finicians
so what is the speed you get at 2. 4?
i'd ask your partition question again, theres a few others in here that may be able to help ya.
oh. right. windows has never crashed on large files emoji not really enough detail to form a useful response though
i've got ssh installed, how to i connect? sorry i'm not familiar with ssh
how many cpus in each system?
your bbs may run under an emulator
i think you have to make a new ` ` pv'' physical volume
i have no idea what flock is
immutabledark : swap is used for more than just paging out ram when it gets full.
theres more then just moving filepath stuff to get a full c development system installed.
how old is that sound card?
are you running a 32bit os?
32bit will use both cores but not the same as a x86 _ 64bit install
ppas? what do they need?
yeah same problem here, i think they are mapped through gnome - keybinding - properties
i switched to a 64 bit linux precisely because my ferrari 3200 was being underutilized by coughcoughwindowscoughcough.
there should be a version of sunbird in the repositories if you are running gutsy gibbon i believe
go to applicationinternetempathy client and login wid ur yahoo, gmail and irc account
you could try copying the folders from a working user then, although it might not quite work right
the manual is a good start point,
that's because ubuntu doesn't have - 21 in it.
er, well i can't even get it to build emoji
well i'm curious also lol emoji
wips : gksudo gedit filepath in gnome, kdesu kate filepath in kde. do not use sudo for gui apps
so you're setting up a buildd and such?
i am ubotu, all - knowing infobot. you can browse my brain at url - usage info : url
prevu is an automated, personal backporting utility. check out url for more details
i seem to recall getting a similar message when i had one open in the background.
are you using the gnome edition?
how do you like it so far?
to correct that just run ` ` sudo apt - get install libparted0''
adjust passwd _ timeout, timestamp _ timeout to your needs ( using visudo )
because the drivers used in windows come from filepath who refuse to write them for linux
i fixed the kubuntu live cd build failure, i believe
ohit's been awhile for mei'm going to bow out now
filepath read the wikipage, it explains exactly what you need to change in that file to chainload winxp as the default
i have all that output, may i pastebin it for you to see?
give me the directory and the permission you want to make it and ill give you the command
well, actually i think we cant change it
or mount it somewhere that user has access and link it into media
does it lag if you log in to gnome safe - mode?
it really seems like you're having a lot of trouble with the upgrade
sudo apt - get update ; sudo apt - get dist - upgrade
you think that can be??
i have this problem also in wine
how you partition is up to you, some like me have a seperate partition for filepath too
i have a link to a guide on sec
what filepath network card do you have
google it. emoji i don't think anyone except rms himself used the name lignux.
afaik you can't add a single binary to your path, only directories
dpkg - l'thunderbird'on command line
but if you're talking about aboutubuntu, it hasn't been spec'ed for kubuntu and you'd need to think about where it would be launched from
back to the original problem of resolutions, any ideas emojiemojiemoji :
okay, it's on my box, and i sure didn't do it specifically, i'm fairly certain it's considered base
open a terminal - - type in ` ` sudo apt - get install chromium''
please try to keep your filepath on one line - don't use the ` ` enter'' key as punctuation!
the commands i gave are exactly what you need to run and define the files you need
i just had similar issue with a wrt56gl us doesn't have channels 12 and 13 emoji
there is ongoing effort into making ubuntu rock
do not use the close button use the'exit'command after running stuff with
if your terminal gets messed up by the garbage, type ` ` reset''
log are created automatically by your distribution
basically just give it as many repos as you have - so it can find dependencies for you
yeah, i spent a while talking to him about xinetd, upstart, and other random topics.
why do you think that this is a network card issue?
the click on close logout and log back in it will be there
where do i disable the plugin? which config file?
well, we know your system is detecting the wifi card : bus 001 device 002 : id 148f : 3070 ralink technology, corp. filepath wireless adapter
for many websites, it has changing data so they decided on filepath
basically you are trying to install flash right? why not get deb package, not rpm?
damn you, i felt special. emoji
i delete it : d now to intall it from forum tutorial whit that link
i dont know. i know its an iphone 3g, and no, nautilus cant see it
except for drivers there shouldnt be much a difference
save the file as. java, and use the java class. java to compile and den run
he should go to recovery mode i believe
too much coffee and alcohol both in my system
sure, the browsers obey defacto standards so is just as safe as windows browsers
maybe the hardware is just to slow sometimes emoji
would it be easier to maintain a server with a gui? i don't worry about the computers resources, that won't be a problem
we've already established that the extension doesn't matter
i'm trying to expand the partition, not the unallocated space
you cold always just try and see what happens.
i havent changed anything yet, i didnt even innstall webmin yet, ubotu just told me not to use it cause its buggy and not supported by ubuntu
disable the one you don't want to use by ifdown eth1 or eth0 or setup iptables correctly
do you run the fglrx drivers?
then try to mount it at command line
ah.. no idea if it will work but worth a shot.. won't hurt it.
he installed from repos but now he can't figure out how to run it.
` ` apt - cache policy foo'' will show is it's installed or not
and i don't want to take away more real estate from the browser.
have you figure out now the complains of ` ` runing out of space''
is it normal for the livecd's to die after the first install?
maybe the reason is that sudo was allready working ( superuser ) from any other command
i see. then yeah, have him set sshd to listen on whatever isn't blocked by the router, and off you go
it's on my local mirror.. that's why i noticed
so yes or no to remove repository?
i've only used pm ( d0ze ) ; on linux there is [ gq ] parted, but i've never used them myself
you're welcome, hope it'll help you
i'd be worried about the dependencies. anything graphic will have been linked to some form of x library won't it?
you can't get it through the driver applet thingy.
i just used lines 18 and 19 of your workaround and it still doesn't seem to work
gotcha. i think i'm just gon na install the latest e17 from source
i think if all you doing is to get mp3 support working, you can try installing the gstreamer backends
excuse me, is there a lmule for ubuntu?
thanks, but there is another one that gnome uses?
what country are you from? its i the xorg. conf file
yes it mounts fine. but perms show 501 for filepath it mounted before, but took forever like you stated when not using the - o nolock flag
actually i'm sorry. if you go to open office word processor, and go to new drawing it works
url i believe you have to do something along these lines.
oh nm it worked, thanks alot
have you installed the nvidia driver?
you have been told this is not a chat channel, please stop and move to ubuntu - offtopic
glad i could help im only using this 3 days this channel is great for learning
the interesting thing is that pings also take a long time
do something processor - intensive and it'll spike up to max
i already have bittorrent installed. have the default client.. which seems to work this time.. and got utorrent under wine
ah, and other apps dont need to use that specific proxy? if i get you right?
did you see ` ` please file theme preference window filepath against control - center!''?
xinerama is an extension to! x to use two or more physical displays as one large virtual display. see url - see also! dualhead
compiling software from source? read the tips at url ( but remember to search for pre - built! packages first )
i think sudo ln - s filepath filepath will do it
i prefer bittorrent, because the file gets checked constantly.
well tha tseems to have worked but only if i put the ip address in. it still cant work if i put john1234 after it.
you'll need the windows cd to restore the mbr after that
auto - complete w tab works in most irc programs toojust type the beginning of a name, and then tab and poof full name
you may type filepath easyubuntu if you want to chat about it
i just make a separate partition for filepath
i did not ask, perhaps you have the wrong nick?
says madwifi ( atheros ) is already installed, so ummm.. what now?
i have a dozen isos setup. i followed some grub2 guides on booting iso files and added custome entryes to filepath for them.
dont laugh, the new bootprocess will be a revolution emoji
ok, well thats my plan, back to 9. 10
url suggests lm - sensors has one ( coretemp )
right, and only ubuntu's files yes?
do you get offended on a personal level when someone says ` ` wtf'' on the internet?
err, sorry, what was your issue? sound? nic?
yes, but there is no ` ` history'' option when right - clicking on a contact.
i am sorry, i am not quite sure what you are asking and i am not a programmer. what language?
kian : i knowbut too late for that. i already formated it with a partition table
thanks but again it seems that people are still having issues with xd cards
you could run grep for a filename that's in the list
so the idea is use find to locate the css files
that network chip is several years old. hence old hardware, yes what does ifconfig - a say?
probably nothing else was occupying the devices before when you ran mplayer
ok, does kxdocker run? what icons do you see?
mistake still there though emoji ` `.'' instead of ` `.''
ubuntu doesn't use'wheel'group
sorry i replied a little while ago i have just one but _ it is _ a combo drive
no. ubuntu can restore a windows bootloader!!!!!!
then put it on your usb - stick emoji there are tutorials
try systemdetails. com and pastebin it plz : d
it does do a proper check, you'll need to look at the errors it's missed and why
ok.. how much memory do you have?
no ubuntu - studio is a multi media app
the driver it came with was for windows
or if you are root, you can set another user's password with'passwd user ', where user is the user's name.
im sure about the cable and nic's ( have tried 2 now ) both work under windows atleast
apt - get remove package does not remove the dependencies of the package
now type : ` ` sudo apt - get install flashplugin - nonfree'' then tell uss if it works or not
id look at what it entails, if it does involve tampering with the installed os then dont bother if you arent comfotable with it
as part of the dpkg configure it compiles python 2. 4
you don't need sodu to dump vhost config
torrents are shared downloads ; you help other people get it faster by sharing it
i'm not sure about this, so you might want to get a second opinion from somebody else
well, i can't find it now, but there was a web page giving the buttons away that could be used on web pages etc.
i'm talking about it in an gnome environment
it's worse with kde, because you actually have to have them all running in the background.
example ( my line ) : sudo iwconfig eth1 essid ` ` beignet'' channel 6 key restricted abcdef1234567890abcdef01234567 mode managed ap any power on
what are the ip addresses of the two machines?
i think my knowledge of networking related stuff is being oversold
a few dollars less than wow costs and a lot less than vista
the commands'cd'then ls show bin and lib, and more - looks like the system root ( sort of )
i spent like an hour trying to find that option yesterday and was sure it was missing. emoji
dude go to that page ubotu showed you
is there some acpi hook i can use to suspend - to - disk when the battery gets really low?
i had to when i first installed ubuntu server. i think it was version 10. 04 when i had to run make and make
clarify what you mean by'fix '?
i imagine it has to do with what is in the file especially the first line.
i have no idea what gpm is emoji
what does it say? it simply does not list your device or is there some ` ` command not found''?
right. download and burn the alternate cd.
i'm aware. just a moment.
they have a 14 - day demo otherwise you can follow some howto's and do it yourself in wine
it more means you can download sourcecode
also raise the ` ` pcm'' level
i suggest changing your ` ` ntfs'' partitiontype ( in your filepath file ) to ` ` ntfs - 3g''
try exiting ooo, then move the config directory to a backup location ('mv. openoffice. org2 filepath then restart ooo
no, this is me asking you to file it and give me the number so that i can keep track of it
what is the drive you're trying to mount?
try sort out resume, c if u can sleep and wake up with no problemss..
thanks emoji so i must use xen emoji
and to make your system hard enough to get into that there are many easier targets and the cracker keeps looking
yeah, change to the directory that was created when you untar'd the source package
no because now gnome uses gconf registry aswell. some things are configured there an i do not know how to reset it
the help system also has info on that subject
its a pain in the arse file that gets written by gnome i think
just did i think. it kicked me back to the command line. how do i get back into the installer?
see if you can reproduce behavior with a fresh new user
there are some special search tools that use the data from trackerd
it seems sombody tried my solution and it worked.
the percentage depends on the total amount of memory you have
are you sure? if apache does not handle the php files as php, you probably have not filepath php correctly. what shoule it be otherwise?
theres filepath in the ssh and sshd configs for that - i recall
i have been on 64 bit since the beginning
actually do it slightly differently chmod 744 filepath sh googleearthlinux. bin
open terminal and then sudo apt - get install vlc
which version are you using now?
i use evolution and i think you're correct.
yes. this is very easy with the packages. little differenct if you used nvidia. sh installer.
its not a sound card, its a wireless card.
you were better off doing this : sudo apt - get install apache2 php5
ah, right. heh. i just find that flag funny emoji
what happens if you hit enter?
or set the path variable to include the working directory ` `.''
ok cool. thanks jrib and nekostar
is the usb bluetooth dongle identified in lsusb?
msshams : unless you want a macbook air that's a reason to get a mac even if you could care less about os x
when you log onto t his channel and you are redirected to ubuntu you will know for sure it has been released emoji
install ubuntu in virtualbox and then type in vboxstart. exe [ name of your ubuntu virtual machine ] or something, after creating an ubuntu virtual machine
so i have to umount before formatting? correct?
ubuntu is the ubuntu support channel, for all ubuntu - related support questions. please use ubuntu - offtopic for other topics. thanks!
so do you mean shift at ubuntu's booting or when i turn the computer on
i got this effect with adept as well. removing gcc - 4. x wanted to remove 100 or 200 packages as well lol
and yes there is no divxplayer for linux because there's no money here
it seems tat everything else is working but the problem is that the usbserial module will not load the device
yup, that last one did it. thanks emoji. lsb _ release - r says ` ` release : 8. 04''
hmm, that someone is wrong emoji
do you think i could get a pci scsi card working?
yeah i would put slackware or gentoo on a spare computer
have you tried ` ` sudo dpkg - - configure - a'' already?
and a search of those turns up what chipset?
just the ones you are restricting access to
just not for the faint of heart
yes it should, coes im getting all the time these fu mesages like,
not really, samba would be your best bet
i assume you can pastebin the output?
then he needs to install a theme he wants
what graphics card ist in your laptop?
btw, u are using user to do the mount - l can u type sudo bash, then enter your password and then go into filepath?
what type of file is it? i mean, where is it frmo?
ohhhh. yah thats not fun.. how did you install ubuntu?
thank you very much for providing me this link.
yes one what, the! line?
what are you trying to do?
did you check the link i gave you?
once i tried compiz - fusion i can't live without it super - m ( negative ), super - e ( expo ) ( desktop wall ). godly!
no. you should see something like ` ` realplayer 9 mplayerplug - in''
eg ` ` which echo'' returns filepath
5 ) universe is ending and laws of physics are breaking down
hold on, i am searching them
see with that we're no longer discussing metacity, we're talking about emerald
ah.. must be the vbox tools then he needs.. i've done that poop on vmware.. cant recall if vbox does the same.. ahha
i see. i think turning off desktop effects might help. your drivers are nit compatible with the ed effects i suppose. happened to me in 9. 04
in that case, you might have to boot the live cd and install and run gpart ( not gparted ) to rescue your partitions
thats not necessarily true. sometimes config files from older installatons have a way of not being upgrading and sometimes will bork parts of the system
checked you bootloader? usualy the bootloader tells the kernel what to load for rootfs, it might be something in your initramfs too
type : b43 in that file, then save it and close gedit
lots of things don't work. you need to persist.
have you tried disabling your firewall?
i gave up compiling, now im trying to fix the sound in wine xd, thanks for the help before
err, i don't know.. but i can't get on the net so i figued..
sorry, the previous owner needs to wipe the disk, and he's slow emoji
compiz ( compositing window manager ) and xgl ( x server architecture layered on top of opengl ) - howto at url - help in compiz - fusion
can you post your xorg. conf somewhere?
yes i guess qtparted will be a good option
i never thought me was bad till a friend begged me to do something about his me box
there is a really good linux pocket book that orielly makes that is awesome
i don't have gnome here, try ` ` tar xzf filepath - c. filepath
can i just do a find - replace?
are you using the entire system for the live cd?
quote or escape names with spaces in them
oo, you'll need a ` ` ;'' on the end.
quit no save is : q! - - the! is a force as in force quit
not that bad, would definitely be done overnight i'd say. you could play with the iso but.. good luck 8 )
i doubt we'll fix the archive today.
you can't connect to the server, or you can't join kubuntu? what is it telling you?
seems to have done the trick. thanks.
horrible compatibility, support the list goes on
all this time i've been looking for something stored elsewhere ( like in filepath that the grub updater was referencing. argh. thanks a bunch!
sudo apt - get install pastebinit cat filepath pastebinit in a term
well i tryed it but i got error
i am not using vnc so i dont know
would an upgrade to hardy take care of it?
i just meant unmount the usb stick in ubuntu using umount
because it did not know what to open with since u did not have gimp installed when you tried
it may ` ` work'', but that doesn't mean it isn't causing problems. graphical programs get gksu.
dig it? ( dig - x domain. com )
you moved the default device up to the top and filepath the settings?
sudo smbmount gives ` ` unknow command''
looks like the doc for that is out of date for 10. 4 : url
and for quite a lot of people it was better than 9. 10
no, just a few of the older bans
- rw - r - - r - - 1 root root 536870912 may 8 09 : 35 swapfile?
the core packages are listed here in sorted dependency order : url
when i try to use xserver, all it does is give me screens for configuruing the keyboaard, never gets to any video configuratrion screeens
follow the msg from ubotu, it's got all the information you need
no i dont, i'm underpriveleged ( use powerpc platform )
not unless you specify the errors to output to a log file
you can resize an ntfs partition - but not using the ubuntu installer.
well, it stashes everything in apache2. conf iirc, so why the files are even included is beyond me.
mp3, libdvdcss3, flash, java, etc
did you configure vnc server to accept local connections? i'm not too sure how to do this in ubuntu
well, you know more about it than me.
if it only comes with packages from the official ubuntu repositories, i guess you can.
afaik, ext2fs is a driver to read filepath partitions on windows
then you need to be patient, and repeat at 20 minute or so intervals
so it is working for the moment
so your connecting through a router?
the second was [ 20 : 08 : 28 ] gdb alabd : egrep'word1word2'file
if it used systemtray, you will need to add it to a whitelist to show it on ubuntu's indicator
yesbut to push a different gui to each user
are there any alternatives you can use?
can you boot off of live cd?
i don't want to change the keybinding i want to change the function that keybinding calls and i'm not seeing a way to do this
dpkg - reconfigure xserver - xorg lets you choose a keyboard layout iirc
of course. however network - manager is recommended. but its your computer emoji
i suppose when did the error occur?
do i have to restart xserver? when i make that change ( option ` ` shmconfig'' ` ` true'' ) it still doesn't work.
the factoid just points to a link explaining how to install 32bit flash on a 64bit os ( and info for 64bit flash )
i'm just a newb myself, i really don't know
did you change anything over there?
are you sure it is sda1? is there another sda listed when u fdisk - l?
please dont ask others to google it
yeah i read it.. i don't like it.
i had to start work. do you have the link still?
taskel also gave the same error, i believe.
i muted the mic and tried again. the sound is now completely gone. i unmuted the mic again and still no sound.
i writed my question 1 minutes ago emoji
well, it was said there's no show - stopper bugs, so i thought i'd try it
this instruction is for debian 4. 0 ( etch )..
sorry, i've got to leave now
what usb wlan you are using?
damage to your system systemwide malicious software
xcrashes? me too. open in safemode, quit and try two or 3 times i know! try it
damn its very annoying when i have many windows open and the panel pops top of two other panels i have both sides of windowlist - panel
im not accustomed to anything, i just dont want this thing on the left side of my screen
i dont think that will be very helpful to flarex _ ruin
edit filepath i believe, its a file in filepath you need to edit
can you give me the link to that page?
i have no idea what that means im afraid
for finding out the chipset, that is
i think a uvfe was filed for it
i like gnome3 much better than unity. i tried to like unity, but i couldn't.
gaim is not in kubuntu most people if they are using kde would use kopete or konversation
wait a week and watch for problems.. if this is your everyday setup
that's fine. i don't understand what you mean by ` ` files that are overseen''
xfs is definately not recommended by ubuntu
when i try to connect to my network, wicd manager says : ` ` connecting'' then ` ` waiting for authentication'' then finished
cool, mine is at 860 mb usage : d
i think you have beryl settings in front of your eyes
that won't work on a new install, he has to enable the partner repository
i tried itbut the button detection is funky in edgy. i had to swap the buttons to read ` ` 1 3 2 6 7'' in xorg. conf
doesn't work that way. emoji
how terribly cruel this os is - _ -
nice. what's the device? filepath?
also you can always ` ` man name'' like man apt - get
i have an ubuntu server setup with no gui and no monitor connected to the computer in question
laserjock, i don't think i've ever had mozilla - browser installed here
i can help if you pastebin the whole error message
meta package means its just a name, if you install it, it just installs all the packages they are tagged with that meta - package name
okay, i'll look into those
i must say that most of the issues have been fixed, there are still a few though.
lol nobody wants to say how this works. maybe nobody knows
ubuntu has this developer - package ( gcc, ln and so on, even filepath is included ). but byacc is missing
if you've kept up the updates for the beta release, you now run the full release
ok, tell me if something goes wrong somewhere in there emoji
im sure there is probably another waybut i dont know any personally
when you get married you'll understand, women take it real personal
o no, thanks any way though.
the one i am talking about is stable and has been released in july 2009
i wouldn't complain about it when someone gives you some helpful information that may or may not solve the problem
nevermind i was missing somethingemoji ` ` swap'' was the partitions format not the mount point
thanks i know how to bring it back, just trying to fix my resolution problems
it's sudo apt - get install alsamixer if you want to install a prog
grub is the default ubuntu boot manager. lost grub after installing windows? see url - grub how - tos : url
madstein is right that 2. 12. 1 - 0ubuntu10. 1 is the post recent available
ah thats fine emoji just checking.
no idae, i'm not sure about xine stuff
then the install may have failed at some point. did you check the cd for errors?
they use the bootscript as well run it again to show since you have run some commands some areas may be different.
its for developing native pocke pc apps
in linux when you need to see the contents of a disk, you mount it somewhere on a folder anywhere on the
not really, but you don't really get answer to such questions here
does only ubuntu fail in parallels or even another os, i am a macuser too
if u know the app name u could try launching it from command line ( terminal )
well, smt is refusing the connection if you don't have any special configuration, try reconfiguring
he took my reboot idea already i think emoji
ok will try that out.. was just wondering coz before the 7. 10 upgrade it was fine thanks for your help!
if you go to the berylonedgy how - to at help. ubuntu. org there is a small section on getting the open source drivers working again
it's easier if you install it through the repositories
lol, why did i know.
i did that to access windows network from xfce, it's not too complicated but i forgot how to do it
ok, try - - filepath send onetinsoldier filepath
use the restricted drivers manager, don't download from the website
do this ` ` iwconfig eth1 essid any''
open the terminal i will give you two commands to copy and paste to run one at a time.
just the universe ones not the backports or multiuniverse
thanks a lot man. i owe you a cold one : d
i am not sure what it actually fixes
who has control over the status of bugs? the developers?
if you use the deskbar applet you can get a spotlight ( for mac os x ) like search thing
you need to add your monitor refresh rates to xorg. conf
oh yes, so you did! emoji
well - that's the plan - but it hasn't been accepted yet
right on. i'll go there.
best if you do a shell script involving amarok and let the script run in crontab
yes it simply hangs after getting up monit daemon
okay, so we will do it again url
also, i can mount it manually. ( forgot to mention that bit, sorry )
in konsole, what reports back when you issue command : grep scd0 filepath
i got a tarball from your cvs tree
yes, but i need skype emoji
iwlist scan shows the network. i just can't seem to connect to it.
no? it use devfs until breezy right? :
you mean i need to edit fstab instead of changing file permissions
at the top of the file system i expect
that would look like'cd filepath ln - s filepath.'the period means your current directory
i thought you were trying to install a program and having lib conflicts. emoji
also that depends on the windows version to the actual path
marillat is a bad word here, please dont use it
please watch your language and topic to help keep this channel family friendly.
it's executable by default, that script
you most likely don't need the x
please ask them, they were quite helpful after i removed and reinstalled wine
well, on 56k that would be difficult i think emoji
and every time that has happened to any user of ubuntu i have ever encountered, the recofigure fixes it
you could add that interface to filepath - that'll keep nm from being able to manage it.
he suggested in ssh doing ping - i 57 them either 127. 0. 0. 1 or my boxip but ssh does not understand the word ping?
is there anything in particular you are looking for? i just usually write my own
maybe i could use the livecd ( to ease the pain ), mount a cdrom with nfs and install it from there
eh, i assume someone will fix it someday. i just dont want to be left using older distro versions for too long
then something is wrong with your repositories. it's in main - you should have that easiest way would be to start adept _ manager and adeptmanage repositories
and will that mount every time i start ubuntu?
i don't know enough to give you a full explanation emoji
tablet input. should be fine with it in even if you dont have one
no, that doesn't display the transferred data on the panels. it displays a diagram, but i'd like to have digits.
was trying something and hit enter by accident
tell me about it - i'm trying to persuade my company to upgrade their kde3. 4 to 3. 5!
well, i grabbed the live cd, but i could not setup software raid with that.. i am experinced with both linux and raid disks ; o )
looks like ` ` savedefault'' is going to boot the last os you booted each time
or i could mangle things and ship both, with some hackery, like we do with the nvidia binary stuff.
inclusing ones from sf. net if i remember correctly
maybe if you describe the actual issue
after you did it, did you click on the ` ` fetch updates'' button in adept? can you post the content of filepath in pastebin
download the headers and the image, you don't need the source
i am da _ bon _ bon. yes i checked that kbd layout is us
is the adept notifier running in kicker?
that's how i knew i lied emoji
i have no clue about this, never done it
pondera : still on ubuntu 10. 04 is systemadminsystem monitor ; very much like windows device manager
i can't message on this server, i forgot my passwd, but, dig around the repos and find the bad - plugins
please upload the script anywhere and send me the link
exactly what are you trying to do here?
it's traditional to paste an url here emoji
open 10 tabs in ff and 10 in chrome and compare
basically my question is whether a sync of the driver is feasible, or if the individual fix needs to be identified and sru'd by itself
must explain. i was just decomissioning my windows machine, in favor of this ubuntu machine.
you mean you don't get the option to boot from it in grub? you'l probably have to add that into your filepath
pitti : will you read something here url
thanks a lot, i'll try that
and how do i do that? im new to all this stuff
sudo rm filepath ; sudo dpkg - p sun - java6 - jre sun - java6 - bin
how are u doing the ssh?
how would i go about doing that?
strange thins is that gnome menu entries are german while the menu itself is english
emoji do you know another program that graphically can browse ldap servers?
one question 10. 04 is the lts,,, is there a reason you want to upgrade to maverick?
or even ` ` service ssh status''
i have no idea i don't use it. try in the terminal centericq
basically there is also a'protection'to not be able to add invalid launchers to the menu.
when i use the sudo folder remove command it tells me i can't while there are files inside
theres python, a language which has been out. python has been better ( python2 ), has much more libraries, and much more support
tell that to the folks at tesla motors
and there is the crux you need the natty 64 as the main drive, not a slave with grub in the main.
its not rkhunter, just : sudo rkhunter - - update - - check - - skip - keypress
dunno what programs do that, never had problems with this
synaptic is ubuntu's graphical package manager. for a good howto see url
but then doesn't that cause all filepath inside of said parent folder to be not viewable?
they have 3. 6 beta 5 in the ppa
some times quick and easy is a strong attraction
enforcement of channel policy is never offtopic.
this kinda tells it all : url
you have to remember.. debian! = ubuntu
if you want to paste a lot of text use the pastebin in the filepath
well i have to use a public nameserver as my local one.. isn't working correctly ah. there is another way filepath
i'd try modifying the kernel boot line like i saidworked on a laptop here todaysame issue.
you mean, you can't help either?!
search on gnome look i guess other than that i wouldn't know where to get that
try bash, read the docs, dont use'ls'in your scripting - random thoughts
python - apt is fairly important ; i don't want to change it post - rc unless it's to fix bugs which are critical for the release
arrick : backing up filepath should do most of that, right? anywhere else those things are put?
ok. my battery reading is consistent.
of course you can, edit filepath
i've got a window that refuses to be resized.
please do not post that command, for any reason, in this channel.
can you pastebin the output of sudo dpkg - - configure - a please
everything works now. i only had to tweak some settings within gstreamer - properties. thank you very much.
network - manager is a good choice for that, i use it, it works very nicely
yea except that programs use those and fail to build
i'm trying to get my 8800 gts working
you will need to be more clear what you are trying to do
i think the command is lsmod.
example : ` ` snd _ seq 54224 6 snd _ seq _ dummy, snd _ seq _ oss, snd _ seq _ midi, snd _ seq _ midi _ event''
there's a few different ones you can download at kernel. org
no need to downlaod stuff from nvidia. com
they do. what happens to my precious utc clock them?
yes, as if it is getting an error every now and then
i can not start mysql because the disk drive is full
in the terminal, you should see something like
( also, how do you know it's trying to use wlan0 when it hangs? )
just archive your entire folder ( including hidden files )
ubottu's still not back :'(
i looked at it. there is no driver, though. i have gutenprint. i checked via the cups web - interface and system settings
that's what you need to close
i still ned to roll it emoji
nano is not like vi. nano isnt modal
you might need todo'sudo apt - get install linux - headers - uname - r _ after _ youve booted the generic kernel
you can't. unless the program was started under screen or tmux
ahhh ok thx i'll give it a try
i can't say, i've never used filelight
i am only a bot, please don't think i'm intelligent emoji
( there are also unofficial ones like cinnamon )
yes, if you compile and don't change the target, and then build a later version later, it will replace the earlier version
dont mix with debian.. you wont have fun with that
it didn't on minejust wiped it
pidfile and decent handling of children on - term would be a good thing, all right. but see url for handling of chroot installs
not a problem since most users want futureports enabled anyway
i don't know exactly but linux is community projects. drivers are added from many developers and finally controlled and releaed ny linus
my problem is that grub is gone after having installed xp.
open a terminal and type ifconfig how many listings are there
at now 25 hours'eof'but i'd just go for an infinite loop and sleep myself
you must have hidden the handle applets. right - click on the panel - configure panel - appearance - advanced options applet handles to fade out
yes. part of the bash history features.
filepath contains the same information as dmesg
i didn't relaize it would flood the channel
you using nfs or samba or anything?
i think there's an option to filepath a dvd in kino, can't actually remember right now.. :
the last link the bot provided describes how to install via the iso on the harddrive.
you need to look at filepath ( not httpd. conf )
but, intel's c compiler is considered to be the best with regards to standards
search google, and ubuntu forums, and let me know if you can not find it.
next. get my mtyhtv setup properly.
hmm i think that should be fine, not sure though
what is the ip address of the modem ( config page )
and i was also wondeirng how to find the path to my usb joystick if you could help me with that as well
phoronix claims it's included, but i dunno i'll just install it manually :
that should create a folder in the filepath folder
everything gone, not a problem for me, but formatting it does lose all files
the drivers were built from source with module - assistant. where the modules are put is a module - assistant issue, not a source package issue, correct?
ive got an onboard one with my laptop, and ill check the processes, thanks
hrm that doesnt seem to detect my mouse ( which works if i plug it in before bootup ) any other ideas?
no errors, but no output either. what should i check now?
don't know then. k3b threw me off by automaticly kicking up to dvds when i stuck in too many files
i'm not great with jockey logs. maybe others can advise.
i meant, sudo apt - get install nvidia - glx
ok, that is fine emoji thank you for your interest so far
i know, it didnt work so i asked on here and did that
you seem to have done that already emoji
it's prolly randomly set and root is disabled
ah, then we are in the same boat emoji
soulseek clients : nicotine ( gtk ), museeq ( kde ), mucous ( terminal - based ) - see also! p2p
sure good luck. you'll need xgl.
what's the filesystem on that drive?
it comes from south africa iirc, but i think most of that time is preparation
you might find still more combing through the openoffice visual design site, url
ok thanks, do i have to create that user as a normal user first? and where is the smb conf located?
are you using the 64 bit version?
i dont know, i'm simply following the procedure online for getting his 8600 to work,
its playing media from unknown player ( in - built maybe ), the media url can not be found out
no. i have a butchered internet with a network device damaging my packets.
if the system you're plugging them into is inherently a 64bit system then i don't forsee any problems
there's a gdesklets thing that is like the dock, but not as well designed
sorry, bad with emotion online, i need some sort of intonation to understand it
well, do you have a free volume to dedicate to be filepath
btw have you ever heard of a similar problem?
other than that the alpha tends to continuously updates the system.
as long as 8. 04 is still supported when you are getting the'stuff '
- d is wrong, that'd be for development releases
i'm sorry i thought you were another person = x
i'll do gnopernicus, gok and ubuntu - meta in soon
according to forums, radeon x200 works with breezy drivers ( the lates from ati )
ok btw konqueror is loading now emoji
i think i went trigger happy, lost my net wired connection, came back to life in wireless
bug 195103 is about this, is it a known issue, could you perhaps explain there?
it runs fine in ubuntu, but obviously you can't image a partition that is in use, that's why there's boot cds
delete the inaccessible one but keep the files, and create a new one and select the appropriate vdi file as a hard disk
though some seem rather dependencyish. but it's a start emoji
yeah, i can just do ufw disable if necessary
my experience is limited here, i'll have to try quassel at some point in time.
i found it. i had to manually add sun java 6 ( filepath to filepath seems like it should use the system setting.
i doubt that. you're apparently a greek geek. there's no helping that. emoji
? i gots nothing for ya i'm affraid???
ooh got it thnkas that was driving me nutz
sounds like a bug in the program - you might like to file a bug report
so it displays the grub loader once and is fine until you boot 7.
sudo mkdir filepath sudo mount filepath filepath
here's my personal configuration is you want to give it a try : url install vim - full and save that as. vimrc in your filepath
got filepath any luck on finding the cause?
excellent, thanks for the help emoji
no it's a perl app through apache
very current debootstrap in debian handles breezy, so it should be at most a trivial pbuilder hack to support breezy
edgy is considered stable. if it's that broken, there's something wrong with edgy, not with the release system
thank you for the pointers. i think i can manage from here. emoji
i have so many posts in the ubuntu forums, lol this will take like 2 more minutes, bear w me
first install windows and then linux. everything goes fine
can you send me an exaple of how the line should be?
you'll have a ( small ) bit of dependency hell. you've tried'apt - cache search gcc'with no hits?
no wait, it parses infophp. php but won't load phpmyadmin ( it offers to download it ).
there's no way to install nvidia drivers in the livecd
don't think so, but dmesg will tell you if anything got detected though
as long as you're reporting them - you're doing your part emoji
you can i guess.. not sure what problem you're having exactly
please don't flood, use url to paste, don't use enter as punctuation.
if you don't already know about it, google around and learn about procmail too.
try something similar to : iptables - i input 1 - - src offending _ ip - j drop
wait, did the pings to url translate to an ip address?
nods slightly understood well if you're tired then you should go to bed smiles
nope. my other webcam works fine with empathy
for me, it works with mount - o loop - t iso9660 dunno what mdf you got there
you mean boot from a livecd ( on a thumbdrive ) when you say trial version?
aren't you glad he didn't leave your name in?
ah, its uninstalling the driver now ( or should be )
to install the filepath drivers for your video card, see url
thanks. i'll look into it when i have some more time
i'm not doing it for new features as much as i am for getting started in helping filepath for the gnome project
too easy - log in and go to synaptic and install ` ` kubuntu desktop'' i can guide you
i'm not sure and i can't try since i'm on an lcd - screen, but xvidtune might do the trick.
hmm sure you're running ubuntu?
i belive dselect performs clean or if it was autoclean after it's done.
sounds like grub didn't install correctly
index of filepath url just follow it to intrepid
you mean, say, when you're trying to remove evolution, and it wants to remove ubuntu - desktop with it?
well, looks like the config script terminated, but then i run'make'and get some more trouble, do you want to see?
i did hear that broadcom recently released an open source driver, but i don't know how well it is.
under filepath click ` ` customize'' button
because ubuntu is free, but imo is a terrible choice for a server os. centos meant to be a free redhat clone
long enough, about an hour emoji
i do have a webpage for you to look at
mm you may have to manually set that in the xorg. conf file hold on
that's not a wise thing to do ` ` chmod 777 filepath
then, you make disk image of the disk, and recover from it
let me look for it on synaptic
something is not working right on my system. i have 1 folder with 1 image and it doesn't show up.
yeah i was there i feel, its hard to re - call though
i have installed ssh and i gues iam logged in. what to do now to log into my bot?
notice the ubuntu2 at the end of that version. ubuntu1 version is broken
well unless there's an apt - get secret - moo - upgrade emoji
no _ no or similar? try dpkg - reconfigure locales to add a no locale. it might also be that the filenames are not in the charset that xmms expects.
should it take a long time?
what's the name of the app?
yes, including the increasingly popular ipw3945
sudo apt - get install nvidia - glx. pay me pay me
i'm in filepath in root, and gksu nautlius sees that only 1. 3 gigs of space is left. however, it is showing no folders.
ah, yes, the good old page filepath keys. almost forgot about them, thank you!
have a good time there man dont forget to clean it emoji
yeah, but then wubi would be useless too, would it not?
i'm just going to do a fresh install
just curious at this point, when does mithrandir return?
ah, home of the next linux. conf. au
um idk do you want it as a server?
i found where it stores the history at least
did you copy those two lines i showed you?
then you run partimage an just play your old image in
thanks but i got it to work now emoji all i had to do was a minor change emoji
when you don't want people to find out about your ` ` trade secrets'' g
create a group with you and the other user
eventually it is possible. how much can os x improve! do my work for me?? lol
ok, try ` ` sudo umount filepath ; sudo mount filepath filepath 1 - o umask = 0000''
mine is a p4 - 2. 8gz with a one gig ram
if you install xp install it first or you will have to jump through extra hoops
right click the panel, add the wastebasket
it's in your bottom panel, on the right
that site also suggestes as an alternative to run'sudo filepath
yeah i had to install it, try searching for fusion in synaptic
ok, but you get to the log - in screen,,, 1 sec
i've mounted by boot partition, can i just sudo grub - install filepath
then that should be working fine then. what actually happens when you use the keys - does anything change at all?
if you have another sudo - user, yes.
still, if we were getting that info consistently from all duplicates, maybe we would see a pattern emerge
if someone is dumb enough to click to a bank - url from an email, you can not help him with any kind of software
` ` what is terminal'' is not stupid, it's pretty perceptive actually
nope. do i do'' sudo apt - get install medibuntu''?
you can point a cname record from godaddy to your no - ip domain, but you had better check no - ip's terms of service to be sure you can
no, the refer to a specific display
dude, calm down, let's talk like real engineer i'm pleased to help u if u get stuck at any prob
and then check the accounts icon on the left
mm well i guess i'll play
all antivirus are system ressources consuming, so better avoid unless any good reason to believe the system is compromized by it
or you can try using'giver '
you want an iso of the cd? mnot sure. i think either that or dd
well it's probably been 2 years since i've been here in the channel, i don't remember it ever having this many folks.
use dig instead nslookup, also this will not help your problem, but more informations
i'm wondering if there is more to it than just adding a line ot that file.
have you located and changed them in the config file?
yes, you could revert back to alsa
netstat might be useful.. try looking for listening ports
i'm a big fan of freenx actually but for general usability and simplicity ssh is till best
the first one is a siemens gigaset usb 108 ( 129b : 160c ) and the second is an rtl 8167, using the 8192cu firmware ( 0bda : 8167 )
if you run amixer without arguments, does it show any : simple mixer control'master ', 0?
i can't access my terminal cuz wine is using it, i'm not at a place where i can type unless i close my installation ithink
what you tring to make.. it looks like it looking for something out of the kernel headers..
you need a lot more understanding then instruction
so, i have a complete. pot
your cdrom is your primary master?
move your mouse over to the right hand side, resize the window
it's unfortunate, but ati are to blame. i've owned both ati and nvidia products - ati's linux support is appaling in comparison
so there's an option to the syslinux command?
what do you study? insomnia?
and in the small chance that you get a virus, the creator can do anything
i don't recommend using numbers with chmod for new users.
i guess it reserves space for memory mappings for hardware
actually i am not able to use opera since it shuts down automatically within a few seconds?
example, i use it to keep eterm from showing up in the taskbar
was there some other line like options snd - hda - intel already?
compwiz18, yes i did. and it even asked for password in the process
not exactly what i want to do : my ubuntu 11. 10 is very unstable, it gets more unstable with every update
k, give the alternate cd a try
in terms of ease of use, imho, gnome is better.
what kind of file is it?
didn't know of that factoid 8 )
sounds like it might indeed be bios then
it's my daughters - i dont have it in front of me - so cant recall what the exact driver is
not elegant i know, but it works here
well, from the perspective of changing the entire design to make sure. desktop files have to be executable, etc, yeah. emoji
the people here are volunteers, your attitude should reflect that. answers are not always available. see url
yeah use lsmod. i keep forgetting about these fancy changes to xorg
sigh, i meant that pastebin. com is slower, than paste. ubuntu. com
ok, great, thanks both of you. emoji
no just install it again it will overwrite the old one
and you will want the matching headers
how do i install plugins so i can play mpg files?
i am running this chekc on a usb drive, and facing that message about bootsector
could you please link me to it?
i think that you can probably do it.
i am trying one other computer to see if it has the 7500
oh yes, sorry i forgot about this being the ubunut channel
you've already show that it is by providing the kernel version
if you use 127. 0. 0. 1 instead of localhost does it show open or closed?
heck with the laws, it is the hassle of wga.. i found a site that gives you all the filepath for windows anyway
does that mean we create an exclusive partition to boot?
also can type in xterm, df - h
yeah the menu at the top does but try using the settings bits emoji
you could try the daily link url
normal users have no permission to set the system date. put ` ` sudo'' before date.
the biggest one i had problems with was boxee
compiz 0. 8. 6 runs pretty well in ubuntu 11. 04
i might just upgrade to 4. 4. thank you for the help it has been much appreciated, i must go now though
i'm logged in as root, and i have tried making the folder both within home and outside
it would also be great if you add your error to the troubleshooting section of the wiki page and link to the page with the solution emoji
if the system itself can't play sounds, then none of the apps will.
kubuntu is just kde on top of ubuntu
i have it in my linux help sites bookmarks folderthe methos is cleaner than the kfilebox method which used to break after a few sessions
do you want to use the cli to capture screen shots?
but that requires sharing that database across the 4 - 6 computers i use regularly
yes, found out its a bot. got a pm emoji
the modaliases are identical for 177 too. ok, there is no difference between 64 and 32 bit in the modaliases
it free open source software everyone could borrow but mepis doesn't release it's source code for free
the 1st arg is the source, the second is the destination, your syntax said copy _ to _ the cdrom
ok, so you are getting the error trying to install this wxjavascript thing? try pastebinning the exact error, maybe someone has seen it before
how can irssi be any different from xchat?
he wans a lan and share internet
or it might be under some strange name like filepath
is it a laptop with intel chip? you need to add the 910 package
the lock error you experienced is the result of another software using administration. you only can let one software use admin at a time.
yeah, it works fine in other apps..
that is what errror 15 is complaining about
ar you using totem - xine or totem - gstreamer?
at the top there's a box you can type program names in. just check the box and press ` ` apply'' to install it.
oh well emoji. you know an extra option anyhoo
almost seems like i wrote that : d wow.. that's perfect, thank you!
mplayer can play most stuff vlc should be able to as well
yes as long as you arnt trying to install x64 on a x32 backup
and the windows xp kernel only works with xp
bus 008 device 001 : id 1d6b : 0001 linux foundation 1. 1 root hub
so if you break the glibc while playing around with it you will fk your system up. excuse my language emoji
most filepath read and write both fine
nope, here's the sdb info : url
