i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` screen''
you can use the installer to install it
you can try to boot from a live cd and see if you can get a live cd
i did remove the package, but it didn't remove
you can install ubuntu on a separate partition, and then install ubuntu on the same partition.
i didn't know that, but i didn't know that
i'm not sure how to do that.
you can resize the partitions, but it will be fine
i'm not sure how to do that.
you can use xchat - gnome to find out what you want
i'll try to figure out how to get the kernel headers to load..
what is the output of : sudo iptables - l
ok, so you have the latest version installed?
pastebin the output of'sudo apt - get - - purge remove flashplugin - nonfree '
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` xterm''
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` sudo apt - get install - f''
i did that, but it still says : unable to open file filepath
i'm not sure, i'll be back in a bit
i know, but i'm not sure how to install it
i dont know.. i dont use it much.. i dont use it much
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out why it's not working
i know, but i want to remove all the files that i want to remove.
what does ` ` fglrx'' say?
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure how to fix that
i'm not sure if it's a bug, but i'd like to know if it's a bug
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure how to help you
please don't flood, use url to paste, don't use enter as punctuation.
you can remove the old one by hand
you can download it from the ubuntu cd, and burn it to a cd, then burn it to a cd
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to help you
you can use nautilus to edit the file browsers
you can use the terminal to open the program
i'm not sure if the build - dep package is in the archive, but i'm not sure if it's in the archive
i'm not sure, i'm not sure how to do it in a vga
you can use your tab key for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
i'm not sure, i'm not sure if it's in the archive yet, but i'm not sure
i'm not sure what you're talking about.
i'm not sure, i've never used windows before.. i've never had to use windows..
you're welcome, but keep in mind i'm just a bot emoji
you can use sshfs to access the filesystem
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` the image''
i'm not sure if the driver is installed or not
i'm trying to figure out how to use it.
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to install xubuntu
i'm trying to install python - dev, but i'm not sure how to install python - dev
i don't know, i'm not sure, but i don't know
you can boot to a livecd and use the installer to fix grub
i'm trying to install it from the repo..
i'm using xfce, so i'm not sure how to do it
i'm not sure if it's a package or something
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to do it
you can mount it with ` ` mount''
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure if it's supported in ubuntu
you can mount it with sudo mount filepath filepath
i don't know, i'm just trying to help you
you can use the live cd to recover data.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` screen''
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` i''
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that it's not a bug.
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure how you'd do it
i'm not sure, i'll try that.
i'm not sure what you are doing, but i'm not sure
ok, now type : sudo apt - get update
you need to install the package ` ` xchat'' package
i don't know, i've never had to do that.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` no''
i'm not sure if the problem is that it's not a hardware problem..
i'll give it a shot, thanks
for information about installing ubuntu from usb flash drives, see url - for a persistent live usb install, see : url
you can add a user to the gdm login screen
i'm not sure, i'm just a bot emoji
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` no''
i'm not sure if the livecd is running, but i'm not sure how to do it
you can set it to use the default browser
you can use a static ip to configure the ip of the network
i'm not sure, i'm not sure.
you can use your tab key for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
please don't flood, use url to paste, don't use enter as punctuation.
i'm not sure if it's a bug, but i'd rather not bother to fix it
you can add it to the panel
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` sudo dpkg - reconfigure gdm''
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to do it in a terminal.
i'm not sure if they have a windows drive
i'm not sure, i'll try to find a solution
you can use nautilus to access the windows files from the windows machine
you can install the kubuntu - desktop package from the repositories
you can use unetbootin to install ubuntu on a usb stick
i wouldn't know, i'd try the live cd
ok, so you're not sure what's going on, but you'll have to reboot
i'm not sure if it's a big deal, but i'll be back soon
please watch your language and topic to help keep this channel family friendly.
you can use a live cd to install ubuntu on a usb stick
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure how to do it, but i'm not sure if it's possible to do it manually
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to help you.
ubuntu is the ubuntu support channel, ubuntu1 supports the development version of ubuntu and ubuntu - offtopic is for random chatter. welcome!
you can use a virus scanner for linux
you can use pidgin to chat in irc, but you can use pidgin
vnc is a protocol for remote desktop. url describes how to use it securely. it works best over fast connections, otherwise look at! freenx
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` no user''
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to do it
i have a radeon 9600gt and i have a radeon 9600
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` the same thing'', but i don't know what you mean by ` ` the''
you can do that in a terminal, but you can do it from the command line
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure if it's a hardware issue, but i'm not sure.
you might want to try to install libxml - dev
you can use gparted to resize the partitions, but you can resize it to the extended partition
you can use tab for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
you need to install the php package
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` server''
please don't flood, use url to paste, don't use enter as punctuation.
ok, so you have a ppa for it?
i'm going to try kde4.
i'm not sure, i'll try that
you can use tab for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
i'm not sure, i'm not sure if it's a bug, but i'd suggest you do it manually
i'm trying to compile it, but i'm not sure how to do it
you can remove ubuntu - desktop and remove ubuntu - desktop
i don't know. i don't use kde3.
you can install it from the repos
you can run kde apps in gnome, but you can run kde apps in gnome
you can add the ppa repo to your sources. list
i'm not sure if you can get it to work, but i'm not sure how you would do it
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` no wireless device''
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure how it works.
you can mount it with a mount point
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that it's a kde app.
you can install the server edition if you want
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` printing''?
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to get the deb packages to work
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` i'', but i don't know how to do that.
ive had a similar problem with the live cd.. but ive never had to use it.
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that the problem is that the system is not running, it's a system - wide issue.
i have a dell laptop, and i have a laptop with a laptop
i'm not sure if it's a broadcom chipset, but i'm not sure if it's supported by the kernel.
i'm trying to compile it, but i don't know what it is
you can use a cd to burn a cd, but it's not a good idea
i'll give it a shot, thanks
i'm not sure, i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` evolution''
please don't flood, use url to paste, don't use enter as punctuation.
i'm not sure what you're talking about.
what is the name of the trash?
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` i''
you can remove the nvidia - glx - new package, and remove the nvidia - glx package
i'm not sure how to do that
you can also use iptables to remove iptables rules
you can use ` ` sudo nano'' to edit the text editor.
you can use the live cd to boot from cd
you're using breezy? you're not using dapper?
no, they're not. they're just different versions of software.
i'm not sure what you mean
i have a radeon hd card and a radeon hd card
you can set it up in the password
you can boot to the livecd and run grub - install filepath
i dont know, i just use terminal
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` firewall''
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure how to help you
i'm not sure if that's the case
you can install gnome3 - shell and use gnome - shell
i don't know, i'm just saying that i don't use sudo
you can use ssh to connect to the server
what version of ubuntu are you using?
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` apt - get update''
you can use the tab key for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
it's a windows program, not a windows program
i'm trying to get my monitor working
you can use crontab - e to edit the crontab file
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure if it's a hardware driver issue.
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure how you're talking about it.
you need to configure the ipv6 ip to use the ipv6 ip
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` localhost''
you can use the pastebin to paste the output of : sudo iwconfig wlan0 essid essid ` ` ath0''
i'm trying to change the theme to theme
i would try to boot from a live cd and see if it works
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to install the nvidia drivers
there are many, but there are many others
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` no xorg. conf''
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to help you, i'm not sure
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure if it's in the repos
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to do it
i'm not sure if it's a bug, but i'm not sure if it's a bug or not.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` screen''
i'm not sure, i'm not sure if it's a bug or not
you can install kubuntu - desktop and install kubuntu - desktop
aptitude is a frontend to apt - get.
i'm not sure, but i've never had to do that.
you can set it up in the passwords
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to get the nvidia drivers working
you can add the ppa repo to your sources. list
you can use the printer in the printer settings, it's a printer
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that it's not a problem with the kernel, it's a kernel update
i'm trying to get the drivers to work.
ok, now run : sudo modprobe snd - hda - intel
the drivers are not installed by default.
i'm trying to make a bootable iso of a cd, not a bootable cd
you can remove the old ones from the repos
you can use iptables to list the iptables rules
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure if it's a good idea to use it
i'm not sure, i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` boot from cd''
ok, so you have a bootable usb stick?
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to fix it
i have a broadcom card and a radeon 9600gt
i'm not sure if it's a bug, but i'm not sure if it's a bug or not.
i'm not sure if you can get it to work.
what is the cpu? cpu? cpu? cpu? cpu? cpu? cpu? cpu? cpu? cpu? cpu? cpu?
i'm not sure if it's a good idea
you can use sudo to copy the files off the drive
i'm not sure, i'm not sure how it works, but i'm not sure how it works
you can use the ip address of the router to configure the ip address of the router
please don't flood, use url to paste, don't use enter as punctuation.
you can use tab for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
you need to make sure you have the correct package name installed
i'm not sure if it's possible to do that in the first place, but i'm not sure how to do it
i'm trying to install the module, but i'm not sure if it's the same module.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` man''
you can download the iso from url
i'm not sure if it's possible to resize ntfs partitions
i'm not sure. i'm trying to connect to the internet.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` it''
you can also use the command ` ` flashplugin - installer''
i'm not sure what you mean
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure how you can get it to work
i don't know, i'm just saying that i'm not a expert.
i'll try to reinstall the drivers again and see if it works.
you can add it to the notification area
did u install the java - jre from the repos?
i'm not sure, i've never had to do that
i'm not sure what you mean
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` dmesg tail''
yes, it's in the repos
i'll try to find out if it works
i don't know how to do that
i'll try that. thanks
you can try the live cd, but it's not a problem
ok, so you're using the nvidia driver?
pidgin is the best client for irc
what does ` ` glxinfo grep direct'' give you?
you can try to change the resolution in xorg. conf
what is the output of : lsusb
i did that and it still says : unable to open filepath
you can set a password for the username and password
i have a radeon hd card and i have a radeon hd card
ok, so you're not using the live cd?
ok, so you have a radeon 9600
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to do it
you can use the ppa for it
ok so you are on the right side of the sources. list?
you can also use'sudo service gdm stop'to start the service
i'm not sure, i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` the version'', but it's not the same as the one from the repo.
you can use ` ` man apt - cache'' to find the list of all packages you need
you can use the search engine to find the fonts
i'm not sure, i'm just a bot, please don't think i'm intelligent emoji
i'm not sure how to do that.
i dont know, i dont use ati
ok, so you have a clock in the top right?
i'm not sure if grub is the problem. i'm not sure if grub is the only one that has the problem.
you can use the adobe flash plugin to install opera
i'm not sure, i'm not sure what you're talking about
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to do it.
you need to install the java plugin
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that you're not using it
ok, i'll try to figure it out then
i'm not sure, i'm not sure what you're talking about
you can use the ` ` search'' package to install the package
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to do it.
i'm not sure if i can do it with a live cd
i'm not sure if it's possible to do it in a way of doing it
the number of the number of the number of the number of the number of the number of the number of the number of the number
ok, so you're trying to copy the file to a directory, and then copy it to the new directory, then run it as root?
you need to be in the directory where you put the cd in
i'm not sure, i'm not sure how to help you, sorry.
you need to install the xmms package
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` screen''
i didn't know that, i didn't know that.
it's not a bug, it's a bug
what version of ubuntu are you using?
i'm not sure if i can reinstall it, but i'm not sure how to fix it
i'm not sure if it's a script, but i'm not sure if it's a script
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` it's not working''
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` ps aux grep pid''
i don't know, i'm not sure
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` no''
you can also try the windows application in wine
ok, so you have a problem with the sources. list?
i'm trying to get grub to boot the windows cd
you can use ext3 to ext3 and ext3.
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to fix it
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to do it
i'm not sure, i'm not sure, but i'm not sure if it's a hardware issue
i am only a bot, please don't think i'm intelligent emoji
i'd try to find a webcam or something like that
you can install the compizconfig - settings - manager package
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure if the printer is supported by the drivers
i'm not sure, i'm just going to try to fix it
i don't know, i'm just saying that it's not a problem with the plugin
you can use tab to complete the name of the file
wireless documentation can be found at url
i don't know, i'm just trying to find out what the package is called
i'm not sure, i'm just a little confused
you can also put it in. bashrc
i'll try that, thanks
i did that, and it didn't work
you can also do this : ps - ef grep - i ` ` ps aux''
i'm not sure if it's a bug or not, but i'm not sure how to fix it
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure how you're doing it
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` sudo apt - get install - f''
you can add the cd as a repository
you can use the ubuntu - restricted - extras package to remove it
you can use the tab key for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
i'm not sure, i've never used it
what version of ubuntu are you using?
you can install the virtualbox guest additions in the virtualbox repos, and then install the virtualbox - ose - ose package
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` kernel''
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to upgrade to dapper.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` iwconfig''
no, it's a file, not a directory
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` i''
you need to add the line ` ` php5. php'' to your filepath
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` no''
i'm not sure what he is doing.
you can use gparted to see the partitions on the disk
you can use alien to install rpms from source
i had to manually add the boot option to the boot menu.. but i had to reboot and see what happens..
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` i''
i'm not sure how to do that
i'll try to reboot and see if it works.
you can also do ` ` iptables - l'' to see if you have a firewall running
you can use the disk utility to fix the data
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to help you.
i'm not sure, i'm just saying bash is a shell scripting language
i don't know, i'm just a bot, but i don't know how to help you
i'm not sure, i'm not sure if it's a bug or not, but i'd rather not recommend it
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that it's not stable yet
i did that, but it didn't work
i'm not sure if it's a hardware problem
i don't know, i'm not sure if it's a good idea
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` xchat''
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure if it's a bug, but it's a bug.
i'm using a laptop with a laptop and a laptop..
i'm not sure, i've never used it
you can install the java plugin from the repos
medibuntu is a repository of packages that can not be included into the ubuntu distribution for legal reasons - see url
i'm not sure how to do that
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that it's not a bug, but i'm not sure how it's done
you can use your password for the password
i'm not sure, i've never had to do that
compiz is a window manager, it's a window manager
i'm using unity, but i'm not sure how to fix it
you can try installing the flashplugin - nonfree package from the repos.
you can see the files in the folder with the permissions of the files.
i'm not sure.. i've never had any problems with it..
you can use the dns server to configure the dns server
what is the output of : lsb _ release - sc
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` boot from cd''
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` i''
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to fix it
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` ls''
i'm not sure, i've never had to use it
ls - l will list the files for you
i'm trying to install it on my laptop, and it works fine
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` i'', but i don't know what the problem is.
i'm not sure if that's the case, but i'm not sure how to help you
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure how you can do it
i have a tv tuner card, and i cant get it to work
you can add it to the startup programs
you can use nfs to mount the nfs partition
i'm trying to install a theme from the repo.
you can get a free version of wine from url
ubuntu is the ubuntu support channel, ubuntu1 supports the development version of ubuntu and ubuntu - offtopic is for random chatter. welcome!
i'm not sure, but i think it's a bug
you can also use the command ` ` sudo apt - get install kde''
what is the output of : lspci grep - i net
you can also use the default theme manager in gnome
i'm not sure, i'm not sure.
i'm going to try to install xchat and see if it works
i'm not sure what you're talking about, but i'm not sure how you're asking.
you can install ubuntu - desktop and then install ubuntu - desktop
you can backup your data, but you can backup your data and backup your data
you can use your tab key for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
please don't flood, use url to paste, don't use enter as punctuation.
i'm not sure if it's a kernel issue, but i'd rather not recommend it.
you can use the makefile to make a makefile
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure how much you are doing is the same
beryl is a window manager that takes advantage of an opengl accelerated x environment. see url - help in ubuntu - effects
did you install the flashplugin - nonfree package?
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to do it
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure if it's possible to fix it.
you can use unetbootin to make a usb stick of the usb stick and use unetbootin to make it bootable
i think you can just remove the. mozilla - firefox - - purge package
i'm not sure what the problem is, i'm not sure if it's a bug
i'm not sure, but i've never used it
you can use the ` ` search'' command to find out what you want
you can use your tab key for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
ifconfig eth0 down, ifconfig eth0 down, then you can see the ip address of your router
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` splash''
you can use the'file'command to do it
i am using wifi, but i am not sure how to do it
you can install it from the repos, but it's not easy to install
i'm trying to get a new one
it's a bit more complicated than that
i'm not sure if it's a web server or not.
i'm not sure what you mean by the way, i just did it and it worked fine
i'm not sure if it's a bug, but i'm not sure if it's a bug or not.
i'm not sure, i'm not sure how to help you, sorry
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` no''
you can use your tab key for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
i'm not a kubuntu user, so i'm not sure how to help you
i'm not sure if pulseaudio is running or not
i'm not sure if it's a bug in the future, but i'll be happy to help
i'm a bit of a noob, i'm just a little confused
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that you're not going to be able to get it to work.
vmware server is a good one
you can mount it with ` ` sudo mount - o loop filepath filepath
i'm not sure if it's a bad idea
i don't know, i just did a search and found the instructions on the wiki
i have a problem with the plugin
i'm trying to compile a deb package
i'm not sure, i'm not sure.
i'm trying to get a router to connect to the internet, but i'm not sure how to do it.
aptitude is a gui frontend to aptitude.
you can use ` ` find'' to find out what you want
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` don't work''
you can use wine to run windows programs on linux
i'm not sure how to do that, i'm just trying to help out how to do it
you can use a static ip to configure the router
vmware is a good place to start
i have no idea, i'm just trying to help you
i did that and it said it was not found
you can log in as a user and log in as the user you want to log in as the user
you can use gparted to resize the partitions, but you can resize it to the other partitions
i tried that but it doesn't work
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` screen resolution''
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that it's a kernel patch for the kernel
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure if it's supported or not
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` sudo fdisk - l''
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` i'', but i don't know how to help you
you can chmod it to the directory, and then chmod it to the directory
i'm going to try the upgrade now
you can install the libgtk2. 0 - dev package to get the libgtk2. 0 libgtk2. 0 - dev
i'm not sure if you can do it with the live cd
i have a keyboard shortcut for the keyboard shortcuts
i'll try to install java6 and see if it works
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` no''
i'm not sure if the raid is a raid array, but i'd like to have a raid0 drive
you can use nautilus to mount the filesystem
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` network manager''?
you can use the pastebin to send the url to the pastebin
you can install ubuntu on a usb stick, and use unetbootin to install grub on the usb stick
i'm not sure if it's a bug, but it's not a bug
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to get xgl to work
you can try to remove the package from the repos, and then reinstall it.
you're welcome. i'm just a bot.
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to get my tv to work
you can use the'find'command to install the program.
you cant resize the partitions, but you can not resize it
you can create a new user and add a new user to the admin group
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` kernel''
you can use the'- - force'command to set the permissions of the module to allow the modules to be loaded.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` unity''
i'm not sure what you mean.
it's a bit of a pain to get the hardware to work
you can upgrade to 10. 10 if you want to upgrade to 10. 04
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` i''
i did that and it said ` ` no such file or directory''
i'm not sure if the file is in the same directory as the. run file
i'm not sure, i'm not sure what you're talking about, sorry
you have to install the ubuntu cd, then install it
you can use the windows installer to install windows on the same partition as windows
you can run it as root, but it is not recommended
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that it's a web browser, but it's not a web browser.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` fonts''
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure.
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that you're not going to have to use the right keys to get it to work
you can try to install kde 4. 2 in the repos
you can try to boot into windows and see if you can get a grub menu
i have 4 primary partitions, and one for swap, one for swap, one for swap, one for swap, one for swap, one for swap
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` iwconfig''
i'll give it a shot, thanks
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that the package is not available in the repositories.
you can try the alternate cd, but it's not a livecd
you can use apt - get to install packages from the repos, but you can use apt - get to install packages from the repositories
i have a sound card that isn't working
i don't know, i'm just saying that there is no gui for that
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure.
i'd just use a live cd and use it to install ubuntu
i'm using kde, so i'm not sure how to do it
i have no idea. i haven't used it myself.
you can use the number of the disk space to make the disk space
you can use the tab key for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
what is the output of : lsb _ release - sc
what is the output of : lsb _ release - sc
you can also use ` ` find. - name''
i'm trying to set up a local mail server on my server
i am trying to install the nvidia driver
you can get the latest wine from the repos
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` iwconfig''
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure how you're doing it.
you can add a user to the group and add a group to the group
i did that, but it doesn't work
what is the output of : lspci grep - i vga
i'll try to find a debdiff for it
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` kde''
java is a good thing to learn.
i have a swap partition on my hdd
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to get it to work.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` tv''
i'm not sure if it's a bug, but i'm not sure if it's a bug
you can also use tab completion to complete the name of the filenames
sudo is a command to run programs with superuser privileges ( ` ` root'' ). look at url for all information.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` the name''
i'm using pidgin, but i'm not sure how to connect to it
you can resize the partitions, but you can resize it
you can try the latest one from the repos
i know, but i'm not sure how to do it
you can try installing the latest version from the repos
medibuntu is a repository of packages that can not be included into the ubuntu distribution for legal reasons - see url
you can also use the ` ` sudo apt - get update'' command to install xchat
you can use tab for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
i think it is a text file
i'll try to find a bug report
i'm trying to connect to a remote machine from a remote machine to a remote machine
i'm not sure if it's a new install, but i'll try to figure it out.
you need to install libxine - extracodecs and libxine - extracodecs
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` iwconfig''
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to get pulseaudio to work
i'm not sure, i'm just saying it's not a good idea to use it
you can use the backports repository to get the latest packages from the repos.
you can use ctrl - alt - f2 to get a terminal
you can mount it to a folder on the desktop and mount it to the desktop
you can use tab for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
i don't know, i've never used it myself
i'm not sure what you are saying.
i'm trying to install kde4 on kubuntu
i'm not sure, i've never used it
you're running the command ` ` sudo service gdm stop''?
you can use unetbootin to install windows drivers
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to install libqt3 - dev
i'm not sure what you mean by the way, i'm not sure what you mean by the plugin
you can use your tab key for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
you can use 64bit if you want more than 4gb ram
please don't flood, use url to paste, don't use enter as punctuation.
you can use sudo to copy the files over to the new partition, but you can not do it
you can use gparted to resize the ntfs partition
i don't know, i'm not sure.
what version of ubuntu are you using?
i'm not sure how to help you. i'm not sure how to help you.
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to fix it.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` ls - l''
i'm not sure if it's a wpa key or wpa _ supplicant
you can download opera from adobe site, and download it from adobe. com
i have a 2gb hdd and i have a 2gb hdd
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's a laptop
you're using a port?
i did that, but it still says ` ` unable to open filepath
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` screen''
ok, so you're on a router?
you can see the pid of the pidgin processes
you can upgrade to the latest version of the latest version
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` keyboard layout''
you can install the gstreamer plugin from the repos
i'm not sure if it's a debian package.
i'm trying to install grub on the hdd
what's the problem with the live cd?
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to install lamp
what video card do you have?
i'm trying to install the audio driver..
please don't flood, use url to paste, don't use enter as punctuation.
ok, now run'sudo apt - get install emerald - - replace '
you can try to run winecfg and see if it works
you can download the iso from url
it's not a good idea to do it
please don't flood, use url to paste, don't use enter as punctuation.
you can try to remove the old version of vbox
i dont know, i just use mplayer
you can use gparted to resize the partitions, but you can resize it to the other partitions
what is the output of : mount
you can try ctrlaltf1 to get back to a terminal
i'm not sure, i've never had to do that before, but i'm not sure if it's a hardware problem
ext3 is a good choice for ext3
i'll try that, thanks
you can use the ` ` fsck'' command to mount the partitions, but that's not the case
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to help you
it's not a bug, it's a bug in the kernel.
you can do it with a live cd
you can run a program as root, but it is not a problem
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure how you're talking about it.
i'm not sure, i'm not sure what you're talking about.
you're not going to be asking for help in this channel.
you can try to install wine from the repos
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure if it's a kernel package, but i'd recommend you try to compile it yourself
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure how to fix it.
you can use your tab key for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
you can use the - - force option to remove the old kernels
you can run it from a livecd
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` grub - install''
i'll try that, thanks
ok, now, run'sudo apt - get update '
i'm not sure if it's a kernel issue, but i'm not sure how to do it in the first place.
you can install software from the repositories
you can use tab for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure if it's possible to fix the bug report.
what is the output of : lsb _ release - sc
i'm using it for a while
you can remove the network applet from the panel
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` the kernel''
you can do a clean install of 9. 10, but you can upgrade to 9. 10 if you want to upgrade to 9. 10
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure how to do it.
i have a laptop with a laptop and a laptop with a laptop
i'm not sure if it's a good idea to do it in a vmware server.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` crontab - e''
i did that, but it still says ` ` no guest additions found''
you can use the live cd to boot from a flash drive.
you can add a user to the group that owns the user
you can set the default gdm to start at boot time.
i'm not sure how to unzip it
you can install it from the repos
i'm not sure, i'm just a bit of a fan of it
yes, but it's not a package, it's a package
i'll try that, thanks
i'm not sure if it's a dns server or something
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` the file''
you can make a partition for swap, and then swap, and swap, and swap, and swap
i'm not sure, i've been using it for a while and it's still not working
i would recommend you to use the 64bit version of ubuntu
you need to enable universe and multiverse
ok, so you're using the same network?
i'm trying to install the plugin for firefox
i'm not sure, i'm just a fan of the monitor
i'm not sure, i'm just a bit confused
i'm trying to figure out how to do it.
if you want to use the nvidia drivers, you can install the nvidia drivers from nvidia. com
you can use'ssh - x'to get a shell
you can burn the iso to a cd and burn it to a cd
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to do it
what is the output of : lsb _ release - sc
you can use the terminal to open the terminal
you can use the terminal to run the command you are trying to run
you can use the'grub'option to install grub
i'm using a laptop with a laptop
it's not init. d, it's init scripts
you can do that in a virtual machine
you can try to remove the module and reboot
i'm not sure what you mean.
you can try ` ` sudo update - grub''
you can use the package manager to install flash
i like xfce, but i like it better
i'm not sure, i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` cd filepath
you can mount it with ext3, but it's not ext2
i'm not sure, i'm just saying you're not using a hardware card, so i'm not sure
what kind of card do you have?
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to do it
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to install it
you can upgrade to 8. 10 if you want to upgrade to 10. 10
i'm not sure if it's in the universe repo, but it's not in the universe repo
ok, so you have a screenshot of your screen?
i'm not sure if it's a problem with the system
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` mount''
what kind of laptop do you have?
you can set the static ip in the dhcp server
what version of ubuntu are you using?
i don't know, i'm not sure how to help you, but i'm not sure
you can install the kde - desktop package and use the kde libraries.
you can get the source code for it
i'm not sure, i'll have a look
you can use gparted to resize the partition and resize it to the new one
i am not sure if that is the problem.. i am not sure if it is enabled by default..
i'm not sure.. i'm just trying to figure out how to fix it..
please don't flood, use url to paste, don't use enter as punctuation.
i dont know.. i dont use windows.. but i dont use it..
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure how to fix it.
i have a panel on my panel and it is on the top panel
i don't know, i'm not sure how to do that
you need to run the command ` `. filepath
i don't know, i'm just saying that it's not a problem
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to do it
i'm not sure, i'm not sure what you're trying to do.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` apt - get update''
i'm not sure, i'm not sure what you're talking about.
i'm not sure if it's a hardware problem or not.
you can try ctrlaltf1 to get to a terminal
you can try ` ` find. - name ` `. filepath - exec''
you can try to remove the language pack from the command line
i would say that you are not going to be able to get a decent linux system to work with ubuntu
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` the user''
you're welcome. i'm just a bot.
i'm not sure what you're talking about, but i'm not sure how you'd like to learn
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to get it to work
you can try booting with the live cd and see if it works
i'm using the ati driver right now, but i'm not sure if it's a driver for that card.
if you have 64bit, you can use 64bit.
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to do it
i'm using a wpa2 card, so i'm not sure if it's a wireless card
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to do it
what is the output of : lsb _ release - sc
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` no''
i'm not sure, i'm not sure if it's a bug, but i'm not sure if it's in the archive
i'm trying to install a package that doesn't exist in ubuntu
i'm not sure if it's a partition issue, it's a partitioner that's not a partitioner
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` i''
you can remove it if you want
i'll try that. thanks.
i don't know, i'm just trying to find out what the problem is
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to do it
ubuntu is the ubuntu support channel, ubuntu1 supports the development version of ubuntu and ubuntu - offtopic is for random chatter. welcome!
i'm trying to boot into ubuntu, but i'm not sure how to do that.
i'm not sure, i'm just a bit of a fan of it
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that it's not a bug, but it's not a bug.
you can try to restart the panel, and see if it works
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure how you would do it.
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to do it
i'll give it a shot, thanks
you can use the gui apps to do that
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` the''
what is the problem? is it a boot cd or a cd?
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to do it
you can change the depth in the depth section
what is the output of ` ` sudo fdisk - l''?
you can also use the tab key for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
i'm not sure if it's a raid - based installer
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` xorg. conf''
you can mount it with a loopback mount
you can use fat32 to format it
what does'ls - l filename'say?
i don't know, i'm just trying to figure out how to play mp3s
i'm not sure how to do it.
you can also add this line : ps - ef grep - i ` ` ps aux''
for multimedia issues, this page has useful information : url - see also url - but please use free formats if you can : url
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` i''
you can use the ` ` firefox'' command to install the firefox plugin
you can add the universe repository to your sources. list
the - s option is to use the - - option option to set the - - help option
you can change the path to the directory where you are in. filepath
i'm not sure if that's the case
i'm not sure if it's a video card, but i'm not sure if it's a hardware problem
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` man - k''
you can use sudo to run programs with superuser privileges ( ` ` root'' ). look at url for all information.
you can use the 64bit flash plugin for 64bit
i'm trying to find a package that is installed
you can use your mail server to send mail messages to you
you can install the thunderbird package from the repos, and then update the thunderbird package
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to do it
you can use apt - get to install packages
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` iwconfig''
ok, so you have a partition that is mounted?
you can use the ubuntu - restricted - extras package to install it
you can remove them from the grub menu
ok, so you are using the usb stick, right?
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` screen''?
you can right click on the icon and choose properties
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure how to do it
you can use lxde to see what you like
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` no password''
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` i''.
you have to add the line ` ` deb url dapper main''
i'm going to try that now. thanks for your help.
i'm not sure if it's a bug, but i'm not sure if it's a bug or not.
you can use sudo to run programs with superuser privileges ( ` ` root'' ). look at url for all information.
i'm trying to figure out how to do that.
you can use the'top'command to see what processes you have
i'm not a fan of it, but i'm not sure how it works, but i'm not sure how it works
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to get it to work
i did that, but it says : no such device
you can use the package manager to install software from the repositories
i'm not sure if it's a dhcp server or dhcp server.
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to do it
you can install it with sudo apt - get install kubuntu - desktop
what is the output of : lsb _ release - sc
i don't know, i'm just trying to help you.
i have wine installed, but i cant find it
i don't know, i'm just trying to figure out how to get it to work
you can do that in the terminal, but you can do it from the command line
you're using the ndiswrapper kernel module?
i'm trying to figure out how to get flash to work
i'll try that, thanks
i did that and it says it is not in the directory
i'm not sure, i'm not sure how to do that
no, i don't know, sorry
i'm using the nvidia driver on my laptop
you can install the one from the repos
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` how to do'' it.
you need to configure your windows xp machine to share the same ip address.
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure if it's a hardware issue, but i'd recommend a newer one
wine is a compatibility layer for running windows programs on filepath see url for more information.
ok, so you have to reboot and see if it works
you can install ubuntu, and then install ubuntu, and then install ubuntu - desktop
you can use sudo to change the password
you can install the package from the repositories, and then install the packages you need
i'm going to try that now
i'll try that, thanks
i'm not sure, i'm just a fan of it
i'm not sure if it's a hardware problem, but i'm not sure if it's a hardware problem
i'm not sure if it's a hardware issue, but i'm not sure if it's a hardware issue
thanks, i'll try that.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` grub''
you can try ` ` killall gnome - panel''
i'm not sure, i'm not sure.
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to get it to work on my own
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` gnome - panel''
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that there's no way to do it
it's not a security issue, it's a security risk.
you can install it from the repos
i'm not sure what you're doing is the kernel module, but i'm not sure how you're trying to do it
you can use sshfs to access the filesystem
you can also install software from the repositories
i'm trying to ping my router
i have java installed and it works fine
i'm not sure if that's the case
you'll need to install the program with the program.
i'll give it a shot, thanks
you can use sudo to log in as root
you can set it to autohide.. you can set it to the right panel..
no, it's not a raid controller
i'll try to update it later, thanks
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` no''
you can also use iptables to set the iptables rules
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure how to do it.
i'll have a look at it tomorrow, thanks
i'm not sure, i'll try that.
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure how apt - get works, but aptitude is a bit more complicated than apt - get
i'm not sure, i'm not sure if it's in the backports
you can try to change the icon to the bottom of the screen.
i have the netbook edition installed, but i can not find it
i'm not sure, i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` ping''
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` echo path''
i'll try that, thanks
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` share''
i'm not sure if it's a hardware problem, but i'm not sure if it's a hardware problem
you can use sudo to run programs with superuser privileges ( ` ` root'' ). look at url for all information.
i don't know, i'm just saying that i can't help you
you can mount it to a drive, but it's not a drive
i don't know. i'm not sure how to do it.
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure how you're talking about the fonts
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` xchat''
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to help you
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` the command''
i'm not sure, i'm using the same card as the other one
you can kill the process and start it from the terminal
you can use the tab key for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
you can use unetbootin to install ubuntu on a usb stick
you can remove the config files with make install
you can use tab for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
i don't know, i'm just trying to figure out how to install it
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` - - root - directory = filepath - - root - directory = filepath - - root - directory = filepath filepath
you can burn the cd at a slower speed
i have a windows xp install on it
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to do that.
i'll try that, thanks
you can try to boot a live cd and see if it works
the desktop cd is a desktop, not a desktop
i'm not sure, i'll try to find it
what is the output of ` ` ls - l''
you can boot to the live cd and run grub - install filepath
i have a new user account on my laptop
please don't flood, use url to paste, don't use enter as punctuation.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` dpkg - l grep - i''
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` you''
i am only a bot, please don't think i'm intelligent emoji
you can use - - force - all - - help to get the - f option
you can try the alternate cd if you want to use a gui
you can use tab for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
i'm trying to install ubuntu on a usb stick, but i'm not sure how to do it.
you need to install the linux - headers - ( uname - r )
you can use the'x'command to set the resolution
you can use the tab key for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that it's a windows program.
you can use the partitions to resize the partitions
i'm not sure, i'm just saying it's not a problem with msn
i'll try that, thanks
i'm not sure how to resize it.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` unity''
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to do it
you can change the fonts in the fonts settings
you can get 3. 5 from the repos, but you can get 3. 5 from the repos
i don't know, i just installed it and it worked fine
you can use the space in the space that you have in your windows partition
i don't use irssi, but i don't use irssi
i'm not sure if it's a windows server or a windows client
i'm trying to install it on my laptop
i'm not sure if it's a hardware problem, but i'm not sure if it's a hardware problem.
you can install the ccsm package and use that to configure the compiz settings manager
i'm not sure if it's a dvd drive or dvd
i'm trying to get a new firefox plugin to work on my laptop
i'm using the restricted drivers manager, but i'm not sure how to install it
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure how you're doing it
you can use your tab key for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that the xfs server isn't running on the server
i'm not sure, i'm not sure.
no, it's a program that's installed by default.
you can use the ndiswrapper command to find out what the problem is
you can use the tab key for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that i'm not a ubuntu user
i'm not sure if they're going to be in the same place as the downloading
what happens when you try to open a terminal?
i'm going to try to figure out how to do that.
i'm using the nvidia driver.. i'm using the nvidia driver..
i'm not sure, i'm just saying, i'm not sure how to do it.
ifconfig eth0 down, you can see the ip address of your router
i'm not sure, i'm just a bot, sorry
i know, but i don't know how to upgrade to the next release
i'm not sure, but i've never had to do that before
you can use the pastebin to pastebin
skype is a skype plugin for skype.
i'm not sure what you mean
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to help.
i'm not sure if it's a network manager or something
i don't know, i'm just a little confused
you need to add the line : filepath filepath vfat defaults, umask = 000, umask = 000, gid = 000, gid = 000
i use amarok, but i like kde apps
you can use sudo to run programs with superuser privileges ( ` ` root'' ). look at url for all information.
i'm not sure, i'm just a bit confused
you can use''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''
i'm not a fan of the program, i'm just trying to figure out how to do it
i don't know, i'm not sure.
i'm not sure if it's a web server or not.
i'm not sure if it's a bug in the bug report
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` mail''
i'm trying to install it from the repos.
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to get it to work
linux is not a linux driver, it is a linux driver
you can use the mysql - server to set the root password
you can use sudo - i to get a root shell
i'm not sure, i'm not sure what you're talking about
i'm not sure, i'm not sure if it's a hardware problem, but i'm not sure
i'm not sure if it's a software raid, but i'm not sure if it's a software raid tool
i have a dvd player, but i cant play them
you can use ` ` man'' to find out what you want
you'll have to wait until the kernel is released
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` no''
i'm going to try the nvidia drivers from nvidia. com
i don't know, i'm just saying that he's trying to use it
you can change the permissions of your home folder
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` grub - install filepath
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to get it to work
you can use the - - force option to set the - - force option to be set to use the - - force option
i'm not sure what you're doing.
i'm not sure if grub is installed or not. i'm not sure how to do it.
what does lspci say about your dns?
you can use the lspci command to find out what chipset it is
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to do that
you can kill it from the command line
i'm trying to get the source code for the program to work
what is the output of : lsb _ release - sc
you can use your tab key for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
you need to mount it to mount it
i would say that the file is not in the repos.
i'll try that. thanks.
apt - cache search for a package name
i'll try that, thanks
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` filepath
you need to install the libgl1 - dev package
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that i'm not a fan of it
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` no''
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that you're on a mac
i don't know, i don't use windows
i'm not sure, i'm just a bit confused.
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that it's the default one
i have no idea, i haven't had any luck with it
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to install it
i have a problem with vlc and mplayer, but i cant play it in vlc
i'm not sure if it's a bug or something.
you can set the permissions on the filepath file
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` update manager''
i'll try that. thanks for your help
you can use the'mount'command to mount the filesystems
i'm trying to install a usb flash drive from a usb stick
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` mount''
i don't know, i'm just saying that xmms isn't a good idea
you can add a group to the group that owns the group
i use vim, but i like vim
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to do it
you can use the tab key for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
i'm not sure what you're asking is
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` raid''
you can chmod it to the dir.. but it is not executable..
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that linux is free
i'm trying to get the ip address to work.
i'll give it a shot. thanks.
you can use your tab key for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
i know, but i'm not sure if it's a windows app or not
i have no idea, but i have no idea what you are doing.
you can use apt - get to remove the package
i'm not sure, i've never used it before, but i'm not sure if it's possible to help
you can not mount it, but it's not mounted
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that the driver isn't in use
you're welcome. i'm just a bot.
you can run winecfg in a terminal and see if it's installed.
you're welcome. i'm just a bot.
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to do it
i dont know.. i dont use gnome.. but i dont use gnome.
you're welcome, but keep in mind i'm just a bot emoji
you can get a lot of ram if you want to.
you need to install the libstdc6 package, which is the package you need to install
you can use your tab key for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
you need to add the line to filepath
you can add the repository to your sources. list and add the line that says ` ` deb url feisty main restricted''
you can also use firestarter to configure the iptables rules
you can use'echo'to see the output
you can delete the folders in your home folder
i'm not sure, i'm just a bot, sorry
you can use the swap partition to resize the swap partition
you can use the windows drivers for your wireless card
you can also try to run the command ` ` sudo apt - get install sun - java6 - jre''
you can use ` ` sudo filepath restart'' to restart the network
i'm not sure if it's a bug or not, but i'm not sure how to help you
you can use the alternate cd.. but it's not a good idea..
i'll try that. thanks
i have a router that can be used to connect to a router
you can run it from a terminal, but it is not a command line program
i'm not sure, i'm just a bot.
i'm trying to connect to my webcam
i'm using a laptop with a laptop and a laptop with a laptop
i'm not a fan of ubuntu, but i'm not a desktop user, so i'm not sure how you're doing it
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to fix it
i'm not sure what you mean
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to do it.
i'm not sure what you mean
you can use the version number of ubuntu, but you can install it from the repositories
i'm not sure, i'm not a fan of it
you can also use the tab key for autocomplete
i'm not sure what you mean by'top '
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` no driver''
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to install it.
i'm not sure, i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` the''
you can install the desktop edition if you want
you can use tab for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` update - grub''
you can install kubuntu - desktop and then install kubuntu - desktop
i know, i just want to learn python.
i'm not sure if it's a bug in the kernel.
you can mount it to a partition, but it's not a partition, you can mount it to a partition, and then mount it.
ubuntu is the ubuntu support channel, ubuntu1 supports the development version of ubuntu and ubuntu - offtopic is for random chatter. welcome!
ok, now, do you know the file name of the file?
i don't know, i'm just saying that the kernel is not supported by the kernel.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` key''
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that it's possible to do it in raid1
i don't know, i'm just a little confused
i'm going to try to restart pidgin and see if it works
you can use ` ` localhost'' to check the files
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that you're not a trolling
i'm trying to get a grub menu to boot from the usb.
you can use the iptables command to configure the ip address of the machine
i'm not sure, i'm not sure if you can do it in a virtual machine, but i'm not sure
i'm not sure if pulseaudio is running or not.
i don't know, i'm not sure.
what is the output of : mount
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to install it
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` i''
you need to install the nvidia drivers
i'm trying to install the alsa driver..
you can install the libs from the repos, but that's not the problem
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure if it's a lts release, so i'd be happy to upgrade
you can try the md5sum of the iso and see if it works
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to get it to work
i have a windows xp install cd, i want to install ubuntu on it
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to fix it
you can use iptables to mount the iso, but that's not a problem
please don't flood, use url to paste, don't use enter as punctuation.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` how to do it''
ok, so you have multiverse enabled?
ok, so you're not running the alsa - base package?
i know, but i don't know how to install flash on 64bit
i'm using 64 bit, so i'm not sure.
you can use the'sh'command to do it
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` nvidia''
no, it's not a support channel.
that's what i was thinking about, but i don't know how to do that
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to fix it
you can install vlc from the repos.
you can get the ppa from the repos
you can remove the packages you want, but you can remove them
ok, now, open a terminal and type : sudo apt - get update
you can use the terminal to open it.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` power management''
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` i''
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` username''
you can set up a password on your keyring
i'm not sure if it's a bug or something
xubuntu is the default ubuntu installer, xubuntu is the default ubuntu installer
i'm not sure if it's a bug, but i'm not sure if it's a bug or not.
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that i'm not sure how much ram you have.
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to get it to work
i'll try that. thanks
i know, but i'm not sure how to do it
you can mount them with ` ` mount''
i'm using the latest drivers from the repo..
you can try to mount it with mount - t ntfs - 3g filepath filepath
i'm trying to connect to the server from the ubuntu machine
no, it's a drive, not a drive
i'm using a windows xp machine, and i'm using it to print the text
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` i'', but i don't know what you are talking about.
i'm not sure, i'll try that
you can install it from the repos
you can ping the ip address of your router
you can edit filepath and add the line ` ` quiet splash'' line to the boot line
i know, but i don't know how to do that
i'm not sure what the problem is, i'm not sure if the fs is the same
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to do it
you can install the ubuntu software center from the repositories
i'm not sure what you mean
i'll give it a shot, thanks
you can log in as a session
i don't know, i'm not sure how to do that.
you can use sudo to run programs with superuser privileges ( ` ` root'' ). look at url for all information.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` install''
i use it for my desktop, but i don't know how to do it
i'm not sure, i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` no''
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` no''
i'm trying to login to the login screen, but i can't log in as root
i don't know, i'm just trying to figure out how to do it
you can upgrade to dapper if you want
you can use the'apt - get'command to install packages
you can use 2. 6. 10 to get 2. 6. 2
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` sudo mount - a''
i haven't tried it yet, but i'm not sure how to fix it
i'm not sure, i'll try to fix it
you can also boot into recovery mode and run ` ` sudo update - grub''
you can ping your router, and it will be fine
you need to add the repository to your sources. list
you need to add the line ` ` vga = 0'' to the line that says ` ` device''
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to fix it.
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that it's not a windows program, it's a windows program
you cant resize the partitions, but you can resize it
you can use the filepath option to set the share
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there are some tools that can do that
i'm not sure, i'm using xgl.
i'm going to try to build a deb file, and see if it works
you can download the ubuntu software center and install it
you can also do ` ` sudo apt - get install apache2''
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` i'', but i don't know how to do it
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to make a new user
i'm going to try to get a new desktop, and see if it works
i'm not a programmer, but i'm not a programmer emoji
i'm trying to install the binary drivers for my system
i'm not sure if it's a kernel build, but i'd rather not use it
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to get it to work
it's not a bug, it's a bug in the ubuntu team
you can use the package manager to install the kernel
you can also add the line ` ` section ` ` device'' ` ` device'' ` ` device'' ` ` device'' ` ` device'''` ` device'' '
you can set the raid0 in filepath and set the raid - raid - raid - raid - raid - - raid - - raid - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
what kind of hard drive is it?
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` gnome - panel''
i'm not sure if python is the best place to start.
you can use the repos for kde 3. 5
i'm trying to install it on a usb stick
please don't flood, use url to paste, don't use enter as punctuation.
i'm trying to figure out how to do it in the terminal..
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` sudo cp - r.. filepath
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to get the drivers to work
i'm trying to find a pdf editor for it
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to build it from source.
i'm not sure, i've never used sudo before
i'm not sure, i'm not sure what you're talking about
ubuntu is the ubuntu support channel, ubuntu1 supports the development version of ubuntu and ubuntu - offtopic is for random chatter. welcome!
i'm not sure what you mean
i'll give it a shot, thanks
i don't know what you are doing, but i don't know what you are doing
i'll give it a shot, thanks
you can use ` ` sudo apt - get install libqt3 - dev'' to install it
i'm not sure, i'm not sure.
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to get the 64bit version of ubuntu
you can run a lot of ram on your computer
i'm not sure, i'm not sure what you are doing, but i'm not sure.
i'm not sure if it's a kernel issue, but i'm not sure if it's a kernel issue.
you can upgrade from lts to lts to lts to lts releases.
you can use the script to do it
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to do it in the first place.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` fonts''
i'm not sure, i'd just like to know if it's a good idea to do it
i'm not sure, i've never used kde
ok, so you have a router?
i'm not sure if it's a bug in the kernel, but i'd rather not recommend it
if you install it, you can remove it from the repos
you can use sudo to edit the file, but you can use sudo to edit it.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` update manager''
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure how you're looking for it, but i'm not sure
i don't know, i'm just trying to figure out how to do it
i'm trying to mount it to filepath
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that i'm not a fan of the browser
i'm not sure, i'm not sure if it's a debian package, but i'm not sure
i'm trying to figure out how to do that
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` i''
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to do it
what version of ubuntu are you using?
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to do it
no, you can do it from the livecd.
you can use the flashplugin - nonfree package to install flashplugin - nonfree
you can remove the ubuntu - desktop packages from the repos
i'm not sure, i'm not sure how to help you
you can use the 32bit version of ubuntu
ok, pastebin the output of'sudo apt - get update '
i'm not sure what you mean
ok, i'll give it a shot.
i'm not sure what it is, i just want to know what it is
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure how to do it
you can run vmware on your machine, and run vmware
i have a sata hdd and a sata hdd
i did that and it says it's not installed
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure how you're talking about
you can also try to ping your router, and see if it works.
grub2 is the default ubuntu boot manager in karmic. for more information and troubleshooting on grub2 please refer to url
i'm not sure how to do that, i'm just trying to figure out how to do it
i'm not sure, i'm not sure if it's a uuid problem
you can get the latest version of the package from the repos
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that it's a bug in the script
you can set the cube to ` ` cube''
i'm not sure if it's a kernel module, but i'm not sure how to do it in the kernel.
i don't know, i'm not sure, but i'm not sure
i'm not sure, i've never had to do that
i'm going to reboot and see if it works. thanks for the help.
you can use sudo to edit the root password
i wouldn't know, i'd try the live cd
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` iwconfig''
i have a radeon 9600gt and i have to go to the forums and search for the driver
- v is a command to run programs with superuser privileges ( ` ` - - help'' ). look at url for more information.
i'll give it a shot, thanks
ok now type this : sudo apt - get install libgtk2. 0 - dev
it's a bug in the bug report
ok, so you are logged in as root?
i'm trying to get the alternate cd to work
i'm not sure, i'm trying to get it to work
ok, now type ` ` sudo apt - get install sun - java6 - jre''
i'm not sure if it's a bug in the bug report
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to get it to work
i'm trying to ssh into my server and i want to be able to access it from the remote machine
you need to install the headers for your sources. list
ok, i'll give it a go
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to find out how to install it
i'm not sure if that's the case
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure.
you can try to install it from the repos
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that the hardware drivers aren't supported by the nvidia drivers
i'm not sure, i'm not sure how to help you.
i don't know, i'm not sure if it's a hardware issue, but i'm not sure
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to fix it
you can use ` ` sudo dpkg - reconfigure xserver - xorg''
what is the output of : lsb _ release - sc
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` screen''
i have a problem with the repo's
what is the output of : lsb _ release - sc
you can learn linux and learn linux
i'm trying to install the drivers for my card.
i'm not sure if i can get it to work.
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure how you're talking about the linux version of the windows version of the linux version of the windows version
you cant do anything with sudo
i'm not sure, i'm not sure if it's a gstreamer issue
i'm not sure if it's a bug, but i'd rather not be able to reproduce it on the livecd
you can also try the iso file in the filepath directory
i'm not sure what you're doing, but i'm not sure how you're doing it.
i'm not sure if it's a bug or not, but i'll be back in a few minutes
i have a nvidia card and it works fine
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to fix it
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` i''
i'm not sure, i've never had any problems with it
i have a wpa2 wpa2 wlan0
i'm trying to compile it, but i'm not sure how to install it
you can also try ssh - x userhost : filepath
i'm not sure what you mean
i'm not sure.. i'm using a router for my laptop.. i'm using a router for my router
i'm trying to change the permissions of the folders to be owned by root.
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that it's a good idea to run a 32bit os on a 64bit system
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that it's not a good idea to do it
i'm using a laptop with a laptop and a laptop, and it's a laptop
what does ` ` filepath say?
i have a broadcom card and i haven't had any problems with it
you can use tab for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
you can use the command line to install programs
you can upgrade to dapper if you want
you can use rsync to transfer files over the files
i'm not sure if anyone can help you, but i'd like to be more clear
you can try to set the hostname in filepath
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that it's a kernel module that doesn't exist
you need to install libgtk2. 0 - dev and libgtk2. 0 - dev
i'm trying to get the windows driver to work
the packages in ubuntu are divided into several sections. more information at url and url - see also! easysource
i'm not sure how to do it
ok, so you have a broadcom card
i'm not sure if i can get it to work
i'm not sure if it's a bug, but i'm not sure if it's a bug
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to install grub2
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` filepath
i'm not sure, i'm not sure, but i'm not sure
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that it's a cd - rom drive.
i'm using xchat, but i'm not sure how to do it in xchat
i'm using the default xorg. conf file, but i'm not sure how to do that.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` upgrade''
you can try reinstalling the flashplugin - nonfree package and see if it works
you can get a link to the web
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` connect to server''
i'm not sure if vmware is installed by default, but i'm not sure if it's a vmware server or not.
i'm not sure if it's a hardware issue, but i'm not sure if it's a hardware issue
you can use the uuids in the fstab file
i don't know, i'm just saying php is a good thing to do.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` cron''
i'm using xubuntu on a laptop, and i'm using xubuntu on it.
you can try to mount it with : sudo mount - t ntfs - o loop filepath filepath
you can add it to your sources. list
it's a bug in the kernel that i've seen.
i'm trying to install the driver from the repo
you can use unetbootin to install ubuntu from usb
you can install the alternate cd and use the alternate cd
you can use sudo to run programs with superuser privileges ( ` ` root'' ). look at url for all information.
i'm going to try that now. thanks for the help.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there are some other ways to do it
i don't know what you mean by ` ` theme''
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` i''
i tried that but it says it is not found
you can use the '. deb'package to install the nvidia drivers
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure how you're talking about it.
ext3 is a good tool for ext3
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to get sound to work
you can use the beta version if you want
i have a windows machine that is connected to the windows machine
you can install it from the repos, but it's not installed by default
you can change the resolution in xorg. conf to use the resolution of your monitor
i'm using amd64 x64 x86 _ 64
what does ` ` date - - date - - date'' return?
ok, now go to system - admin - groups
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that it's a bit of a pain to get help from here
you can try ` ` compiz - - replace'' and see if it works
i'm not sure, i'll try to find a new one
ok, so you are trying to install it?
please don't flood, use url to paste, don't use enter as punctuation.
i use it, but i don't know how to do it
you can use the desktop cd if you want
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` xchat''
you're welcome. i'm just a bot.
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure how you're doing it.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` vlc''
synaptic is a gui frontend for apt
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` no''.
you can also remove the old packages from the repos, and remove them from the. deb file
i'm not sure, i've never had to use it.
i'm not sure what you mean
you can try ` ` sudo fdisk - l'' and see if it works
you're welcome. i'm just a bot.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` no''
ok, so you have sound and sound
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure how you're asking.
you can run it from a terminal, but it's not running
you can get the deb from url
i'm not sure, i'm on 64 bit
i'm using xchat now, but i'm not sure how to do it in xchat
what is the output of : lspci grep - i net
you can install the guest additions in virtualbox.
please don't flood, use url to paste, don't use enter as punctuation.
you can do that with the live cd
thanks, i'll try that.
i'm not sure what the permissions are
i'm trying to connect to the internet on the same machine, but i'm not sure how to do that
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` ssh - x''
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` screen''
i'll try to fix the bug report
you can use a virus scanner for linux
i'm not sure, i'm just a bit confused
you can use the gui to install the ftp server
i'm a bit of a noob. i'm just a little confused.
i know, but i don't know how to do that
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that it's a bug
ok, now run ` ` sudo apt - get install pastebinit''
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that i'm not sure how you would do it
i'm trying to connect to the internet, but i'm not sure how to do it
i'm not sure if vlc can play it, but i'm not sure how to do it in vlc
you can create a folder in your home folder, and then drag it to the desktop
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to do it
you can try to disable the power button in the system menu
i'm not sure, i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` sound''
you can use the kernel to compile your own kernel
i'm not sure.. i'm not sure.. i'm not sure.. i'm not sure..
you can mount it with ` ` sudo mount - o remount filepath filepath
you can upgrade to dapper if you want
you can connect to the internet through the internet
you can use tab for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
i'm not sure, i'm just a little bit of a little confused.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` screen''
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` i''
i'm trying to install it from the repo
ok, now type : sudo mount - t vfat filepath
you can use unetbootin to make a bootable usb stick
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` memory''
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` i''
you can remove the old kernels with the old one
you can use thunderbird to send mail from a mail server
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` no''
i have a usb stick and i have to install it on a usb stick
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to do it
it's in the path of the file
i'm trying to install java 6. 10 and it's working fine.
you need to run the command ` ` sudo apt - get install pastebinit''
you can use the tab key for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
i'm not sure, i'm not sure.
i'm not sure, i just did a clean install of ubuntu
i'm not sure if it's a bug or something.
i'm not sure what you're talking about, but i'm not sure how you're asking
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure.
you can use the gui apps to run the gui
i'm not sure, i've never had to do that before, but i'm not sure.
i have a grub install on my laptop and i have to reinstall grub to the mbr
i'll try that, thanks
i'm not sure, i'm not sure if it's a bug, but i'm not sure how to help
you can use the 64bit version of ubuntu
i have no idea what the problem is
ok, now do'sudo modprobe ndiswrapper '
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to get 64bit to work
i have a few of them.. but i dont know.. i dont use kde4 yet..
i'm trying to get the game working
i'm not sure if it's a bug or not.
i'm trying to install the latest version of the latest version.
i'm not sure what you mean by apt - get update?
you can upgrade to the next release, but you can upgrade to the next release
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` no''
i wouldn't say that ati is a good idea
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that it's flash, not flash, and flash, and flash plugin.
you can use gparted to resize the partitions, but it's not a good idea
i'm not sure, i've never used it myself
ok.. you have to be in the right place..
i'm not sure, i'm just a bot, but i'm not sure if it's a good idea to help.
i use xchat, but i don't use xchat
i'll try to install it again. thanks
i think you can use ` ` - -'' to set the - - type = 1
you need to run the command ` ` sudo''
i'm trying to copy the file to a file, and it's not a file.
you can use the windows driver to install the drivers for your wireless card
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to help you
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` windows''
you can compile it yourself, but it will install it
you can use your dns server to configure dns servers
i'm trying to find the. deb file
you can use gparted to resize the partition
i'm not sure how to do it, i'll try it out
i'm not sure what you mean
you can use ` ` sudo'' to do it
you can use the tab key for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure if it's a windows app or not..
i'm trying to install vmware server on a virtual machine.
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure what you're doing.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` raid''
what happens when you try to log in?
i am using the wireless card.. i am using the wireless card..
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that i'm not a bot emoji
you can get the latest version of ubuntu from the repos.
you can download the iso and burn it to a cd
you can use the package manager to install it
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` services''
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to get the latest version of the repos
i'm not sure, i'll try that. thanks
you need to install apache2 - common to get apache2 installed
you can install the desktop edition if you want
you can see the device in the list of drives in the filepath
you can use sshfs to access the remote files
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to fix it
sudo apt - get install - - reinstall nvidia - glx - new
i would say it is a good idea
i am only a bot, please don't think i'm intelligent emoji
i don't know what that means.
you can install the virtualbox guest additions.. but it's not in the repos..
i'm trying to play mp3's in amarok
i'm trying to figure out how to do that
i'm trying to figure out how to do that
you can use the ubuntu cd to install software on the cd
64bit is a bit faster than 32bit
i'll give it a shot, thanks
pastebin the output of : sudo apt - get install nvidia - glx - new
i'm trying to play mp3's.
i'm not sure if it's a bug or not.
you can use the backports repo to get backports
i'm using the ati radeon driver for my radeon 9600
i don't know, i'm just trying to help you
you can use the ubuntu - offtopic channel to discuss it in ubuntu - offtopic
i'm not sure, i'm afraid. i'm not sure how to help you.
ok, so you're using the ati drivers?
ok, so you have a separate partition for filepath
i'm not sure, i'm trying to install a package, but i'm not sure how to do that
you can use the windows desktop to resize the windows partition
i'm not sure how to do that, but i'm not sure how to do it
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` ls - l''
you can try to remount it, and see if it works.
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure how you would do it
you need to install the build - essential package
you can use the pastebin to paste the link here
ok, so you're not using the default sound device..
i have a radeon hda intel
you have a grub boot loader on the live cd?
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` i'', but i don't know what the problem is.
i'm using the default settings for my laptop
i'm not sure, i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` killall pid''
i have a video card that is not working on my laptop
i'm not sure, i'm not sure how to do that.
i'm not sure, i'm just going to try to get them to work
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` no''
you need to install the java plugin
you can upgrade to 10. 10 if you want to upgrade to 10. 04
i did that and it said it was not installed
i'm not sure, i'm not sure if it's a bug or not, but i'd rather not do it
you need to install the codecs for it
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that you're not using a gui for that
i'm not sure if it's a hardware problem, but i'd try to find a solution for you
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that they're not the same.
you can try to reinstall vlc and it will work
what is the output of : lsb _ release - sc
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` i''
i tried that but it doesn't work
ok, so you are in the same directory as the user you created?
you could try to boot the livecd and reboot the machine
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that it's 64bit
you can use the 64bit version of ubuntu
you need to be root to run the command ` ` sudo su''
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to fix it
you can change the permissions of the file
you can get a free license for free
i'm trying to mount it as a partition
you need to install apache2, then install apache2
i have a radeon 9600gt and i have a radeon 9600
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to do it
you can delete the folders and remove them
i'm not sure what you mean.. i'll try to figure out what i want.. thanks for your help.
i wouldn't recommend it if you don't like it
i have a dell laptop with a laptop and a laptop.. i have a laptop with a laptop and a laptop..
you can add it to the menu. lst file
i would try to reinstall the whole system and see if it works
i have a live cd and i want to install ubuntu on my hdd
you can burn the iso to a cd and burn it to a cd
i'm not sure if it's a good idea to do it in a terminal
i'm not sure, but it's a good idea to do it
i don't know, i just installed it
can you ping the router?
i'm not sure, i'm not sure what you're talking about
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that you're not going to be able to do it with the live cd
i'm trying to install the tarball from the tar. gz file
what does ` ` ifconfig - a'' give you?
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that it's a bug in the repos.
you can run it from a terminal, or run : gdm
you're welcome, but keep in mind i'm just a bot emoji
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` username''
i'm not sure, i'm not sure what you're doing is the problem.
you can use the wired connection to get a wireless card to work
you can add the line to the end of filepath
i'm not sure, i'll look into it
you can install the vmware player from the repos
you can use the openoffice. org repositories in wine
i'm not sure, i've never used it
i'm not sure, i'm just saying it's not a bug
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` i''
i'm using a router for my router, and i'm using a router
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that the kernel isn't in the kernel
it's a good idea to install stuff on a different machine.
i'd recommend upgrading to 8. 10 if you want to upgrade to 8. 04
you can install ubuntu - desktop and use the ` ` desktop'' package
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that it's not a good idea to do it.
you can try installing ubuntu from a live cd, and see if it works
i'm not sure if it's a bug, but i'm not sure if it's a bug or not
you can use sudo to run programs with superuser privileges ( ` ` root'' ). look at url for all information.
you can use the'build - essential'package to install the build - essential packages
i'm not sure, i'm not sure how to do that
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` i''
you can install gnome3 on ubuntu
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to get it to work
you can see the output of the command ls - l
you can reinstall the old one, and then reinstall
you need to add the line ` ` default'' to filepath
you can use the tab key for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
you can upgrade to the latest kernel, but it's not a kernel update
you cant use the swap space, but it's not a big deal
you can see the ip of the service
you can use synaptic to search for packages with synaptic
i'm not sure how it works with wxwidgets, but i'm not sure how it works
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` no''
i'm not sure if it's a bug, but i'm not sure if it's a bug
you need to add the user to the admin group
you can add the desktop file to the desktop file
6. 06 is the latest stable version of ubuntu
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure how you can do it
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure how to help you, sorry
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a lot of stuff
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to do it
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` cpu''
you can use the arrow keys to move the mouse over the left side
you can also use'vncserver'to access the remote desktop.
ok, so you have a line that says ` ` deb url dapper main restricted''
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that you're going to have to do a lot of work to get the packages from the repos
you can find the driver for your card in the system menu
i'm not sure how to do that, i'm just trying to figure out how to do it
you can use the command ` ` tar - zxvf filename. tar. gz''
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` usb''
i'm trying to get my tv to work on my laptop
i'm not sure if it's a big difference
wubi is a windows installer, not a windows install
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure how you'd do it
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` sudo apt - get install network - manager''
i don't know, i don't use it
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to do it
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` user''
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to install it
you need to install the program from the repos
you're welcome. but keep in mind i'm just a bot emoji
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` i''
ok, now, open a terminal, and type alsamixer
ok, so you have the ndiswrapper - l installed?
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` it's not ` ` just''.
i'm not sure if he has a problem with his ppa
you can use the alternate installer to install the raid array
ok, i'll give it a shot
i'm not sure, i've never had any problems with it
i'm not sure how to do that.
you can upgrade to 8. 04 if you want to upgrade to 8. 04
you can connect to it using the web browser
please don't flood, use url to paste, don't use enter as punctuation.
what video card do you have?
i'm not sure, but i've never used vlc
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that the computer isn't being able to handle the power management system
i'm using xgl on my laptop
you can use windows programs in ubuntu
you can boot the live cd and use the grub - installer to boot the mbr
you can use the gnome - panel to install the gnome - panel
you can use ` ` mysql'' to remove the mysql files
i'm not sure if it's a good idea to get a good one to work on it
i'm not sure about the osx, but i'm not sure about the osx version of ubuntu
wine is a compatibility layer for running windows programs on filepath see url for more information.
you can try the xorg. conf file, but i don't know how to fix it
you can try to update the repos, and see if it's there
i'm trying to install it, but i'm not sure how to do it.
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to get sound working
i'm not sure, i'm not sure if the kernel module is in the kernel, but i'm not sure how to do it
what version of ubuntu are you using?
i'm not sure, i've never used wine.
it's not a security update, it's just a security update.
i know, but i'm not sure how to help me
you can also use tab to autocomplete nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
i'm not sure, i'm just saying you are a noob
you can boot into windows and run grub - install
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to help you.
i'm not sure, i've never had to do that before.
i'm not sure, i'll try to find out what i'm doing
you can remove the package, but it will remove the dependencies
i'm not sure, i'm not sure what you're talking about
i don't know, i'm not sure, but i'm not sure
i'd recommend a live cd.. but i'd recommend a live cd..
ok, now type ` ` sudo mount - t ntfs filepath
i'm not sure, i'm just saying it's a bit different from the web browser
i dont know what you are doing, but i dont know how to help you
i'd recommend using the debian package manager
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that the nvidia driver isn't installed by default.
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to get it to work
i'm not sure if it's a partition, but i'd rather not use it
i'm not sure, i'm not sure if it's a hardware problem.
ok.. you have a usb adapter..
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` nvidia''
i don't know. i just want to know how to use root password.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` i''
ok, so you're trying to install the driver?
i'll have a look at it tomorrow
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` ls - l''
you can use sudo to edit the root password
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to upgrade to 10. 04
i'm not sure how to do that, but i'm sure i'm not a big fan of it.
ok, so you have 2 hds?
i'll try to open it in a windows box
i have a mouse mouse, but i have to go.
i know, but i dont know how to do it
i have a problem with pidgin, but i want to be able to use pidgin
it's a program that doesn't exist in ubuntu
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that it's not a bug
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` mount''
you're not logged in as root?
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that i'm not a expert.
ifconfig eth0 down, ifconfig eth0 down, then you can see if it's eth0 or eth0
i have a new laptop and i have a 2gb usb stick
ok, now do : sudo apt - get update
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` grub - install''
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure how you can do it.
you're trying to compile the kernel?
what kind of monitor are you using?
i'm not sure what the problem is, i'm trying to find a solution
ok, now type : sudo apt - get install ubuntu - desktop
you can try to install the latest version of ubuntu
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to remove them
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to fix it
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` you can use'' and ` ` close'' to the terminal and run ` ` kill - 9 pid''
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` grub''
i'm trying to install it on my laptop
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` splash''
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to install it
you can install ubuntu on a live cd and use the alternate installer to install ubuntu on it
you can set a root password by using sudo
wine is a compatibility layer for running windows programs on filepath see url for more information.
i have no idea. i'm not sure if that's the case.
i'm not sure if it's a bug, but i'm not sure how it's done.
you can use the alternate cd to install the packages you want
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` i''
you can use upstart to remove the old sysv stuff
i did a sudo apt - get install gcc - 4. 0 - 4
i'm not sure. i'm on a laptop.
i'm not sure. i'm not sure.
you can make a new user and add a new user to the admin group
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that there's a lot of people who don't know about it
ok, so you have to delete the partitions, then make sure you have the correct partitions
what is the output of : lsb _ release - sc
i'm not sure, i'm not sure if it's a bug, but i'd rather not bother to fix it
you can use a static ip to connect to a router
ok, now run ` ` sudo apt - get install pastebinit''
you can use the pastebin to paste the output of : sudo apt - get update ; sudo apt - get upgrade
i'm not sure if you can build it from source, but i'm not sure
i'm not sure, i'm not sure, but i'm not sure how to do it
you can run vmware in a virtual machine
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to get it to work
you can upgrade to the latest version of ubuntu from the repos.
i'm not sure what the problem is, i'm trying to figure out how to do it.
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure how you're talking about
i didn't know that, but i didn't know that
you can try ` ` sudo dpkg - reconfigure xserver - xorg''
i'll try that, thanks
i'm not sure, i've never used it
you can use the nvidia drivers for your card
you can also find the file in filepath
you can set it to static, but it will not work
it's a bug, it's a bug in the release notes.
you can remove the old kernels with the new kernels
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to do it.
you can use a dvd iso to burn a dvd
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that you're not going to be able to get it to work.
i don't know, i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` i don't know''
you can edit the grub menu. lst file to see what you want.
you can use your home directory to backup your home, and then copy them to a separate partition
sudo nano filepath and add the line :
i don't think it's possible to remove kde - desktop
ok, so you have a grub - install filepath
i have a cpu frequency monitor and i can see the cpu frequency
if you have a linux system, you can use a windows system to access it
i don't think it's a bug
i don't know, i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` firefox''
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` i''
i'll try to figure out how to fix it
i'm not sure.. i've never used it.. but i'm not sure how to do it..
for multimedia issues, this page has useful information : url - see also url - but please use free formats if you can : url
you can remove the cd from the repos
you can try to install alsa - base and see if that works
i'm not sure, i've been using it for years now.
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that i'm not a fan of the hardware
i'm not sure what you mean
i don't know, i'm not a programmer, but i'm not sure if you're looking for a way to do it
you can use the'make install'command to install the packages you need
i'm not sure how to do that, but i'm not sure how to do it
i'm using a proxy. i'm using a proxy.
i'm trying to figure out how to fix the problem..
i'm not a fan of it, but i'm not sure if it's a good place to start
i'm not sure how to do that..
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` vim''
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to make it work
please watch your language and topic to help keep this channel family friendly.
you can use ` ` sudo - i'' to get a root shell
you can remove the kde stuff if you want
i don't know, i'm not sure
well, that's the case.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` i''
you can change the permissions of the file
you can try to use the command ` ` ifconfig'' to see if it is listed there
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` i''
i'll try to figure out how to get the data off the cd
i don't know. i'm not sure.
you can try ` ` screen'' and ` ` screen''
you can try ` ` sudo update - grub''
you can use the package manager to install it
ok, so you have the latest version of ubuntu?
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure how to do it.
i'm not sure if it's a dhcp server.
you can use tab to autocomplete nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` i'', but i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` i''
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure how to do it in a script
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to do it
i'll give it a shot. thanks.
you can install grub to the mbr of the mbr and add the grub entry to the mbr
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to get it to work
ok, so you're using the right sound card?
you can use ssh to access the windows machine from the linux box
you can also use the gdm theme manager
you need to install the sun - java6 - jre from the repos
i know, but i'm not sure how to do that
i'm not sure, i'll try that.
you need to install the codecs for the audio device
you can add a group to the group admin group
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure how you're doing it.
i'm using a vmware server, and i'm using vmware server.
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to do it
i think the ubuntu isos are built for an older version of ubuntu.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` apt - cache search''
you need to be root to set the permissions on the apache server.
i don't know, i'm not sure, but i don't know what you are talking about
you're welcome. i'm just a bot.
please watch your language and topic to help keep this channel family friendly.
you can use kde apps in gnome
it's a bad idea to do it.
you can connect to the internet by using ssh
i'm trying to install a virtual machine on my laptop
i'm not sure if it's a bug, but i'm not sure if it's a bug
you need to be in the terminal.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` user''
i'm not sure, i've never used it
aptitude is a gui frontend to apt - get.
i'm not a person. i'm just a bot.
you can install it with a virus scanner
you can install it from the repos, but it's not easy to install
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` sudo fdisk - l''
try ` ` mount'' and see if it shows up
find. - name ` `. xargs'' - exec rm { } ;
you can install the ubuntu - desktop package and then install the ubuntu - desktop package
i don't know, i'm just trying to find out what the problem is
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` gui''
i'm not sure, i'm on a laptop, so i'm not sure if that's the case
the guidelines for using the ubuntu channels can be found here : url
sudo is a command to run programs with superuser privileges ( ` ` root'' ). look at url for all information.
i'm not sure, i'm on the live cd, but i'm not sure if it's the same as the sound card
i'm not sure how to do that.
i don't know, i'm not sure how to do that
i'm trying to get the mouse to work
i'm not sure, i'm afraid
i don't know, i'm not sure. i'm not a fan of mp3, but i'm not sure.
you can use the terminal to install the codecs
please don't flood, use url to paste, don't use enter as punctuation.
i have a problem with the mouse and mouse button
i'm trying to compile it, but i'm not sure how to install it
you can use your tab key for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
you can mount it with a command like : sudo mount - t ntfs filepath filepath
what is the output of : lsb _ release - sc
i'm not sure, i'm not sure how you're doing it.
i'm not sure what you mean
i'm not sure, i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` i'', but i don't know what the problem is.
it's a good idea to learn how to use it.
i'm not sure, i'm not sure what you're talking about
i'm not sure, i'm just a bit of a fan of linux
i'd say it's a hardware problem.
i'm not a bot, i'm just a bot, so i'm not a bot emoji
i'm not sure what you mean
i would try the intel one and see if it works
you can use the gnome applet to connect to the panel.
i'm not sure if it's a hardware problem, but i'm not sure if it's a hardware problem or not
you need to mount the iso as a cd, then mount it with the iso as a cd
i'm using a laptop with a laptop, and it works fine.
you should see the xorg. conf file.
he's not going to use grub to boot windows
what is the output of : lsb _ release - sc
for upgrading, see the instructions at url
for upgrading, see the instructions at url
you can use xfce or xfce or xfce
i'm not sure what you mean
i'm using a laptop with a radeon hd card
i'm not sure, i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` i''
i'm not sure if that's the case
you need to add the line :
you can install the desktop version of ubuntu, but you can install the desktop version
i'm not sure how to get it to work
i like gnome, but i like kde
i don't know, i'm just saying that it's not in universe
you can use nmap to find the interface
i'm going to try beryl again.. i'll be back in a bit.
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to fix it
i'm trying to install grub on the mbr of the mbr of the first drive, but i'm not sure how to do that
i'll try that, thanks
you can use the ` ` man update - rc'' command to set the defaults to ` ` default''
i'll try to install it later, thanks
i'm not sure, i'm not sure what you're doing, but i'm not sure
you can use unetbootin to install ubuntu from usb
i'm not sure, i'm not sure what you're talking about.
i have the fonts set to default fonts
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` filepath filepath
no, i'm not sure what you mean
i'm not sure if it's a filepath
i'm trying to figure out how to do that
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` sudo apt - get install xserver - xorg''
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure how you can do it.
i'm not sure, i've never used it before
i'm using unity, but i'm not sure how to change it
i'm not sure if it's a bug, but i'm not sure if it's a bug or not.
i'm not sure, i'm not sure what you're talking about
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to install the driver
i'm not sure if apt - get install - f is the same as apt - get.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` install''
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` permissions''.
i'm trying to install ubuntu - desktop, but i can't find any package that i need to install.
you'll need to install the 32bit version of ubuntu
you can use the gui to edit the xorg. conf file
i'm trying to install it from the repo, but it doesn't work.
i have a vga compatible card.. i use vlc and it works fine.. but i don't use it.
i don't know, i just want to know how to make it work
you can get freebsd to free the free software
i'm not sure, i've never used it myself
i'm trying to get mplayer working on my laptop
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` metacity - - replace''
you can use x11vnc to do that
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to get the live cd to work
what is the output of : lsb _ release - sc
i'll try that. thanks
if you want to remove the files, you can just delete them
it's a directory, not a directory
you can not do it in ubuntu - offtopic
you can try ` ` sudo apt - get install ubuntu - desktop''
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure if you're using the right driver, but i'm not sure.
i'm not sure, i've never had to do it before
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's just a matter of opinion
i'm not sure if you can get a new install of ubuntu, but i'd recommend you use the'deb'command
what is the output of : glxinfo grep direct
you're welcome. i'm going to try to help you.
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to get the packages to build
you can also try to remove the flashplugin - nonfree package
you can use the alternate cd to install the packages
i'm not sure if it's a hardware problem.. i'd try to find a solution for that..
you can try to run gconf - editor to see if it's set to
i would say that the live cd is a bit slow.. but i would say..
i'm not sure.. i'm not sure.. i'm not sure.. i've never had to do that before..
you can use tab for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
you can use the terminal to run the command ` ` ssh - x''
i don't know, i'm just saying that linux is not windows
you can use sftp to share files
you can also use the tab key to autocomplete nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
you can do a clean install of ubuntu, but you can do a clean install of ubuntu
it's not a grub problem, it's a grub error
i'm not sure if it's a hardware problem.
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that i'm not a user account, so i'm not sure how to do that
i don't know, i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` theme''
i'm not sure, i'm not sure what you're talking about
i'm not sure if that's the case
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` ps aux grep ftp''
i'm not sure, i'll try to reproduce it
i have a radeon hd card that is
i'm not sure what the problem is, i'm not sure how to do it
you can install the linux - image - generic package, but that's not the same as the kernel
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` i''
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` gnome - panel''
it's not a problem, it's a bit more complicated than that
you can use tab for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
ok, now, type : sudo lshw - c video
you can try ctrlaltf1 to get back to a terminal
you need to install php5 - php5 - php5 - php5 php5 php5 php5 php5 - php5 php5 php5 php5 php5 php5 php5 php5 php5 php5 php5 php5 php
i'm not sure if that's the problem.
you can try to find the path in filepath
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` screen''
if you don't have dhcp on your network, you can use dhcp to configure dhcp
you can use the build - essential package to install it.
i'm not sure if it's a bug, but i'm not sure if it's a bug or not.
you can use the tab key for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
please don't flood, use url to paste, don't use enter as punctuation.
ok, so you are trying to mount it?
you can install the dev packages from the repos.
please don't flood, use url to paste, don't use enter as punctuation.
you can try ` ` sudo apt - get install - f''
you can not write to it, but you can read it at url
i have to install the driver again, i cant get it to work
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to install xubuntu on a server.
you may want to check out the repos for the latest version of the latest version.
i'm trying to get the source code for it to work
you need to add the partition to the fdisk - l
i am not a fan of it, but i am not a fan of it
you can mount it to a directory on your desktop
what does ` ` sudo umount filepath say?
you can also try ` ` man xmodmap''
you can play a video on your tv, but you can play a video on your tv
i'm not sure, i've never used flash.
you can download the. deb from url
i have a hdd and a hdd
you can delete the folders and delete them.
i'm not sure, i've never used it myself
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` mount''
i'm not sure if that's the case.
you can install the nvidia drivers from the repos.
i'm not sure, but i'd recommend you to reinstall the kernel
you can use the package manager to install the flash plugin
you can also try ` ` sudo apt - get install packagename''
i'm not sure if they are in the same repos.
i'm using the intel graphics card, and i'm using the intel one
right click on the icon and click on the right click
i don't know, i'm just trying to figure out how to fix it
you cant do that, you cant do anything with your router
you can use gparted to resize the partitions, but you can use gparted to resize the partitions
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to help you
i'm not sure, but i'm not a expert, but i'm just saying that you aren't going to be able to help
i'm not sure what you are asking is
you're welcome. i'm just a little confused
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to do it
he's trying to make a swap partition on his drive
you can use the live cd to recover data
for multimedia issues, this page has useful information : url - see also url - but please use free formats if you can : url
i'm not sure, i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` aptitude update''
you can use the ip of the router to connect to the internet
i'm not sure if it's a kernel module, but it's a kernel module
beryl is a window manager that takes advantage of an opengl accelerated x environment. see url - help in ubuntu - effects
you can try ` ` gnome - panel'' and see if it works
what resolution are you using?
i'm not sure if it's possible to do it with the same thing as the other one, but i'm not sure how to do it
you can mount the partition with ` ` sudo mount - t ntfs filepath filepath
no idea, i'm not sure.
no, it's a bug, it's a bug in the bug report.
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to do it
uuids aren't the same as the uuids
i'm not sure if it's a 64bit install
i'm not sure, i'm just a little confused as to what you're doing.
i'm not sure, i'm not sure how to help you, but i'm not sure how to help you
i'm not sure, i've never used wubi
you are not a trolling.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` no wireless connection''
i'm trying to get a terminal to run in wine, but i'm not sure how to do it in terminal
i have no idea what you are doing
i'm not sure, i'm just a bit confused.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` i''
you need to install the drivers for your video card
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that the default - lib isn't in the archive
i did that and it didn't work
you can get a new kernel for that
i'll try that. thanks
i am trying to compile it, but i am not sure how to install it
you can use the'grub'command to find out what the boot device is, and it will be listed in the grub menu
ok, so you have to delete the free space and delete the free space
i'm not sure, i'm not sure what you're doing, but i'm not sure
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to install it
you can install the 32bit packages from the repos
you can make a raid array for the raid array
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to do that.
you can use the kernel module to compile the kernel
i'm using the same laptop as the other one.
i'm trying to compile it, but i'm not sure how to get it to work
you can change the permissions of the filepath file to be owned by the user.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` sudo modprobe bcm43xx''
i'd try xubuntu, but i'm not sure
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` iwconfig''
you can use ` ` sudo apt - get install virtualbox''
ok, so you're using the default sound card, right?
i'm not sure what you mean by'terminal '
you're not sure what you're doing, but you're not sure what you're doing is wrong.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` xterm''
i have a problem with my wireless, but i can not get it to work
you can install firefox 3. 0 and install it with sudo apt - get install firefox
you need to install the package ` ` libqt3 - dev''
you can chroot into the chroot directory and then run : sudo apt - get update
i'll try that, thanks
i'm not sure, i'm using konqueror
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure if it's a hardware issue
you can use the'apt - get'command to install the drivers
i'm trying to get it to work
synaptic is ubuntu's graphical package manager. for a good howto see url
you can always try to use a dns server
you can use the - - key option to set the key to use the keyring
you need to install the ftp server
i'm not sure if it's a bug, but i'm not sure if it's a bug or not.
you're trying to connect to the machine?
wine is a compatibility layer for running windows programs on filepath see url for more information.
you can use the command ` ` find. - name''
ok, so you have to run sudo dpkg - - configure - a
i'm not sure if you can get it to work
you can add the line to the end of the line that says ` ` export path = filepath
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that it's a good idea to use it
i'm trying to install it, but i'm not sure how to do it
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure how you'd be doing it
i'm not sure, i'm not sure where you're looking for the language pack
i'm not sure if it's a network problem, but i'm not sure if it's a network problem
you can get the latest version from the repos
you can install the alternate cd, but it's not a livecd
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to get it to work on my laptop
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure how you're talking about the bot.
i'm not sure, i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` kernel''
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` i'', but i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` no''
you can try to ping the ip address of the router
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to do it
i'm not sure if it's a good idea to use it
i'm not sure, i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` the ` ` notification area''
i'm going to reboot and see if it works. thanks for the help.
ok, so you have a broadcom card?
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` i'', but i don't know what the problem is
i'm not sure what you mean
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` ubuntu''
it's not a problem with the uninstall option
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` i''
i'll try that one, thanks
i'm going to try to fix it tomorrow.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` mount''
i have a sound card and i cant get it to work
you can use the live cd to resize the partition
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure how you would do it
i'm not sure if they're the same thing.
i don't know, i just use synaptic
you can try to install flashplugin - nonfree
you can use the command line to find out what you want
i'm not sure, i've never used pulseaudio.
grub is the default ubuntu boot manager. lost grub after installing windows : url - making grub floppies other grub howtos : url
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` ping url''
i'll give it a shot, thanks
i'm not sure, i'm on feisty
i'm not sure, i'll try to figure it out
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` we'', i'm just saying''
you can upgrade to hoary if you want
i'm using the alternate cd, i'm using the live cd
you can use apt - get to install packages
i'm not sure if that's the case.
you can use the tab key for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure if it's a game or not, but i'd recommend it
i don't know, i just installed it from the repos.
i'm trying to install it on a live cd
i don't know, i'm just trying to figure out how to do it.
i don't know, i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` groups''
i'm not sure what it is, i'm looking for a way to see it
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to do it
i'm not sure how to get it to work
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` how to do''
you can also try the alsa channel if you like
you can try the live cd and see if you can get a live cd
you can install it from the repos.. but it's not in the repos..
you can install it from the repos, but it's not really a good idea
you can use the nvidia - settings tool to set the resolution
i'm not sure if it's a cd image
i am trying to install kubuntu - desktop
you're welcome, but keep in mind that you're a bit more comfortable with
you can use the ` ` root'' key to set the password
you can install ubuntu to a virtual machine and run vmware from there.
what video card do you have?
i'm trying to get a new server running on my server
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` raid''
i'm not sure if it's a partition, but i'm not sure how to do it
i did, but it didn't work
i'm trying to burn an iso to a cd, i'll try it out
i'm not sure, i'm not sure.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` no effects''.
i'm trying to get the same error message
you can also try to use the tab key to auto complete the nicks
i'm not a fan of it, but i'm not sure if i'm in the right direction.
i'm not sure if it's a problem with the kernel.
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure how to help you.
i'm not sure if it's a hardware issue, but i'm not sure if it's a hardware problem
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` we''
i'm not sure what you're talking about.
i'm not sure what you mean
you can use wine to run windows programs on linux
you can learn linux, but you'll be better off learning linux
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure if it's a hardware problem.
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure how to help you, sorry
you can try gnome3, but i don't know how to fix it
you can try to remove pulseaudio if you want
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` we''
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` vi''
i'm not sure if it's a windows cd or a cd - rom drive.
i don't know, i'm not sure. i'm not sure.
i'm not sure, i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` deb - src''
i did that, but it didn't work
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that it's a ` ` legal'' project
i'm not sure, i've never had to do that before
you can remove it from the package manager.
you can try to change the resolution in the xorg. conf file
you can get a new version of ubuntu from the repos
it's not a gnome3 issue, it's not a gnome3 app
you can run it from the terminal
i'm not sure if grub will boot windows, but i'm not sure how to do it
you can use the full path to make it a full size of the file
i'm not sure, i've never had to do that before
you can change the default entry in filepath to the other one..
you can use the'hostname'command to set the hostname to allow the hostname to use the localhost
i'm trying to login to my user account
unrar - free is a zip file.
i'm trying to connect to my router, but i'm not sure how to do that
i'm not sure, i'm not sure.
i'm not sure, i've never had any problems with it
you can set up a password for a user and then log in as your user and log in as your user
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that the card is not supported by the kernel, but i'm not sure how to help you
you can use the tab key for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
you can mount it with ` ` sudo mount - t ntfs - o loop''
i have the same card, but i haven't tried it myself
samba is the way to cooperate with windows environments. links with more info : url and url - samba can be administered via the web with swat.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` i''
you can also add the line ` ` auto eth0'' to filepath
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that it's a bit more complicated than that
you can use your tab key for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
i'm not sure if it's a bug or something, but i'm not sure how it's done
you can use the ssh client to connect to the internet
vim is a vim vim vim.
i have a sound card, and i have a sound card
you can use the tab key for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that it's not a java app, it's a java program
i'm not sure if it's a bug, but i'm not sure if it's a bug or not, it's a bug
i'm not sure if it's a security update, but i'm not sure if it's in the repos.
i don't know, i'm just saying that it's not possible to use it
you can try to install vlc from the repos, but you can try to install vlc
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's a bug in the gcc version
it's a package that doesn't exist in the repos
i'm not sure, i've never done it before
if you have a hardware problem, you can try installing the drivers from the repos
i'm not sure if the drive is corrupt or not, but it's not a bad idea
i'm not sure what you are saying is that you're not going to be asking for help.
you can use gimp to make a script that will do it
you can also install the theme from the theme manager
i'm not sure, i'll just wait for a while to get back to you
you can remove the gdm login screen if you want
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that it's a bug in the kernel
i'm not sure, i'm not sure how to do it.
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure how you would do it
i did that, but it didn't work
i don't know, i'm just saying that it's not a problem
i'm not sure if it's a hardware issue, but i'm not sure if it's a hardware issue
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure how to do that
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to do it
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure how much ram you have
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to do it
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` i''
i know, but i don't know how to do it
i'm not sure how to do that, but i'm not sure how to do that
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to do it
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` iwconfig''
you can use ` ` free'' to find out what memory you have
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to make a swap partition
i'm using a 64 bit processor, and i'm using it for a month or so
i'm not sure, i've never used wine
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure how to help you, i'm not sure how you can do it in a way
you can use vmware to install the os on your hard drive
you can also try ` ` sudo dpkg - reconfigure xserver - xorg''
ntfs - 3g is a linux driver which allows filepath access to ntfs partitions. installation instructions at url
i'm not sure, i've never had to use fglrx
you can use kde apps in gnome, but you can use kde apps
you can use the open source driver for your card, which is the best driver
you can upgrade from the alternate cd
you need to be root to run it as root
ok, so you're using 3. 5. 1, and you'll have to wait until the next release is released
you can also ssh to the remote machine and ssh to the remote machine
you can use ` ` ssh - x'' to allow the remote desktop access to the remote machine
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to install it
i'm not a programmer, i'm just a bit of a developer
i'm not sure what you're doing.
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure how you can get it to work with gtk2
you can use tab for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure how to help you, i'm just a bot emoji
you can install the minimal ubuntu desktop environment and use the gnome desktop environment
you can use sudo to run programs with superuser privileges ( ` ` root'' ). look at url for all information.
you can try to find the plugin for firefox
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that it's not a package, it's a package
no, it's not, but it's a compiz bug
ok, so you haven't mounted it?
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that the default installer isn't in the repos
you can use the swap partition to make the swap partition for filepath
i'm not sure, i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` no''
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to do it
i'm not sure if vga is enabled in vmware vmware vmware vmware vmware vmware vmware vmware vmware vmware vmware vmware vm
i'm not sure, i've been using linux for a while, but i'm not sure if it's a good idea
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to get the latest kernel from the repos.
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to get the latest version of ubuntu
you can use your username to access the files on the machine
i'll try that, thanks
i'm not sure, i'll try that.
i'm not sure, i've been using it for a while, but i'm not sure how to help
i'm not sure, i've never had to do that before
i'm using the restricted drivers for my laptop, and i'm using the nvidia driver
i'm trying to install it, but i'm not sure how to do it
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` no''
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` sudo fdisk - l''
please don't flood, use url to paste, don't use enter as punctuation.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` remote desktop''
you can try to play it with mplayer
you can try to find the filepath file
i'll be back in a few minutes.
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to install it
i'm using a laptop, and it's a laptop
i'll give it a shot, thanks
you can use your tab key for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
you're welcome. i'm not sure how you'd do it.
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to do it
i'm not sure what you mean
i have a broadcom card and i have a broadcom card
you can delete the partitions and remove them from the menu
i'm not sure if they're going to be supported for a few years, but i'd say it's a good idea
i'm not sure if that's the case.. i'll try to figure out how to make it work.. thanks for the help.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` the package''
you can add it to the startup script, but it will be easier to run it from a terminal
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that i'm not a fan of it.
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to do that
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` i'll be back''
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` i''
you can use the ` ` ls'' command to find out what is installed
you can use the tab key for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
what kind of card do you have?
you can use sudo to do that
i'm trying to get a terminal to run in terminal
you can use your tab key for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
you can backup your data if you want
you can use ssh - x to connect to the server
i have a sound card that's not working on my laptop
ok, so you have a backup of your xorg. conf?
i'm not sure, i'm not sure how you're talking about the keyring
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure how to help you, sorry
you can use swap to swap the ram, but it's not really a problem
i'll have a look at it tomorrow
i'm trying to change the permissions of the folder.. but i can not change permissions..
you can add the ppa repo to your sources. list
i'm not sure what you mean
i'm not sure if it's a kernel module, but i'm not sure if it's a kernel module, it's a kernel module
grub2 is the default ubuntu boot manager in karmic. for more information and troubleshooting on grub2 please refer to url
i'm just a bot, i'm a bit confused
you can use gparted to resize the partitions
you can use the tab key for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` dpkg - - configure - a''
i don't know, i'm not sure how to do that
you need to install the wine - dev packages
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure how linux works
i'm trying to get a gui to start up.
i'm not sure how you would do that.. but i don't know how to do that..
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` how do i do that''?
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` i''
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure if it's a live cd or not
it's a package that's not a package, it's a package that's not a package
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` find. - name''
i'm using a new intel hda intel hda intel hda intel hda intel hda intel hda intel hda intel hda intel hda intel hda intel hda intel hda intel hda intel hda intel
i would try to see if it is a problem with the filepath
i'm not sure what you mean by vim
i'd say it's a browser that's not a problem with firefox
you can use tab for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
you can use torrent client to download the torrent file
python is a good place to start
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` check the cd'' or ` ` md5sum of the iso''
i don't know, i'm just trying to help you
i'm not sure what you mean by the way, but i'm not sure how to help you
you can also make a ` ` filepath filepath
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure if it's the same as the other one.
i'm trying to get mplayer working on it
i'm going to try to get a new one
you'll need to find the module for your card.
i'm trying to figure out how to get to the terminal
i don't know, i'm not sure how to help you
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` kernel''
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to do it
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` i''
i'm not sure, i'll try that
ok, so you are running xen, not xen, or you can run xmms in a terminal
you can use ` ` sudo ifconfig'' to see if it's running
i'm not sure if it's a bug or not, but i'll try to find it
i'll give it a shot. thanks.
you can use tab for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure if it's a bug or not, but i'd be happy to help
if you run : sudo fsck - l, it will tell you what it is
i'm trying to find the qt3 - dev package for kde4
i'm not a fan of it, but i'm not sure if it's a big deal
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` sound''
ok, so you have a sound card
i don't know, i'm just trying to install ubuntu on a usb stick
i'm trying to figure out how to do that
i'm not sure, i'm not sure, but i'm not sure
what is the output of : lsb _ release - sc
you can remove the old one by hand
i'm going to try to get a new version of firefox and see if it's in the archive
you can remove the meta package, it will remove all the packages you want
i'm not sure, i've never used it
i'm not sure what you mean
i'm trying to mount it as a user, not a folder
you can use alien to convert rpm to rpm. rpm files
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` network manager''
ok, so you have the sound card working?
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` no''
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` i''
you can right click on the panel and choose ` ` add to panel''
i'm not sure, i'm not sure, but i'm not sure how to help you
you can mount it with ` ` sudo fdisk - l''
i'm not sure what you mean
i'll try that. thanks
i don't know, i'm not sure.. i'm not sure if it's a hardware problem
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to do it
ok, so you are in the directory where you are in the directory where you are in the directory where you are in
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure how you would do it
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` i''
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure how to help you.
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that the font size is the same
i'm not sure, i've never used it
i'm using xubuntu, and i'm running xubuntu on it, and i'm running xubuntu
i'm not sure if it's a 32bit system.. but i'm not sure if it's a 64bit system..
i'm not sure what you mean
you can install the drivers from the repos
you can use apt - get to install the ppa
you can play mp3s with vlc and play them with the codecs
i'll try that, thanks
i'm trying to install it now.
you can install grub to the mbr of the drive and then install grub to the mbr
i'm not sure, i'm just a bit of a fan of it
i'm not sure, i'm not sure if it's supported in ubuntu
you can use the ips to configure the dns server
i tried that but it didn't work
i'll try that, thanks
you can upgrade to 9. 10 if you want to upgrade to 9. 04
please don't flood, use url to paste, don't use enter as punctuation.
i'm not sure, i'm not sure if it's a kernel build, but it's not a kernel build
i'm not sure, i've never used it before, but i'm not sure if it's the right one
i have a intel hda intel hda intel hda intel hda intel hda intel hda intel hda intel hda intel hda intel hda intel
ok, so you are using the wrong file. pastebin the output of the pastebin please
ok, so you have nvidia - settings installed?
you can try to install the java6 package, and see if it works
i wouldn't recommend it, but i wouldn't recommend it
you can change the default ubuntu boot line in filepath
ok, go to the sound preferences and check the sound card
you can try ` ` sudo mkdir filepath
ext3 is a good choice for ext3, but ext3 is better for ext3
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` no''
i'm not sure if it's a live cd, i'll just use it to install it
i'll have a look at it tomorrow
i'm not sure if it's a bug, but i'm not sure if it's a bug or not.
i'm using the latest version of ubuntu, but i'm not sure if it's in the repos
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` i''
you can get a free license from the ubuntu repositories
i'll try that. thanks
you can also log in as root, and then log in as the user and log in as the user you want to log in as root
you can connect to the internet through the internet
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that it's a kernel module, so i'm not sure how it's done
i have no idea what you are doing.
i'm not sure if it's a laptop or a laptop, but i'm not sure how to help you
you can use your tab key for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to do it
you can also use the ubuntu - devel package to search for packages with the ubuntu package manager
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` no sound''
you can use sudo to edit the filepath file
you can use ssh to connect to server
i'm not sure, i'm using it right now
if you want to share files with a folder, you can use ` ` sudo nautilus''
i have a webcam that is a webcam
you can use tab to autocomplete nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
i'm not sure if it's a usb stick or not, but i'll try it out
you need to install libqt3 - dev and libqt3 - dev
you can configure the apache server to use the webserver, but that's the easiest way
i'm trying to install ubuntu on a new hdd
you can use the software centre to install software from the repositories
you can also use'man chmod'to find out what the command is
i'm not sure if it's a problem with the dvd
are you trying to connect to the internet?
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that it's a bug
i don't know, i'm just saying that you can run windows xp on linux, but i don't know how to do it
you can use the ` `'' option to remove the partitions
you can download the deb from url
what is the output of : lsb _ release - sc
i don't know, i'm just trying to help you
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` compiz''
you can use the dpkg command to install the nvidia drivers
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to do it
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to fix it
ok, so you have to edit. bashrc and add the line ` `. bashrc'' to your. bashrc
if you have a filepath file, you can use the filepath file to make it work
i'm not sure, i'm not sure how to help you, but i'm not sure how you're talking about the driver
i'm not a person, i'm just trying to help you
i'm not sure, i've never had to use 64bit
i'm using the default browser on ubuntu.
you can use the xorg. conf file to edit the xorg. conf file
i don't know, i'm just trying to figure out how to get it to work
you can install grub to the mbr of the hard drive.
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that i'm not sure how to do it
i'll try to figure out how to fix it.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` the kernel''
you can also put it in filepath and run it from there
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` no''
i'm not sure how to do that
ok, so you're on the network, right?
lamp is the default ubuntu install.
you can install the ubuntu - desktop package to make a custom install of ubuntu
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure if the kernel is the same as the kernel, but the kernel is the same
i have a usb stick and i cant find the drive
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that the package isn't in the repos, so i'll just wait for it to be released
you can chmod it to the directory
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure how you can do it.
you can use the ndiswrapper command to configure the wireless drivers
i don't know, i'm just trying to figure out how to do it.
i'm not sure how to change the username in the username
what is the output of : lsb _ release - sc
you can use ` ` sudo nautilus'' to edit the file
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure how you would do it
you need to install libdvdcss2 and libdvdcss2
you can use the'sudo dpkg - reconfigure xserver - xorg'command to set it up
you need to install the build - essential package
i'm trying to find the correct filepath file
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure.
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that the nvidia driver isn't supported by the nvidia driver
you need to be in the ip address of your router
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that it's a bug in ubuntu
i'm not sure if it's a hardware problem, i'm not sure how to do it
i'm not sure what you mean
you can use the terminal to open a terminal
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to do it
i'm not sure if dd is the best way to do it.
i don't know, i just did a search on google and found some info about it
i'm going to try to figure out how to do that
i'm not sure if you can reproduce it on the bug report, but i'm not sure if it's a bug or not.
grub is the default ubuntu boot manager. lost grub after installing windows : url - making grub floppies other grub howtos : url
you can install the desktop version of ubuntu, then install the desktop
i'm not sure if it's a hardware problem, but i'm not sure how to fix it
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` i''
what kind of video card do you have?
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to fix it
you can also install the nvidia drivers from the repositories.
theres some good howto on the wiki.
i'm not sure if it's a libdvdcss, but i'm not sure if it's a libgtk - dev package
i'm not sure, i've been using it for a while, but i'm not sure how it works
you can use wine to run windows programs on linux
i don't know, i'm just trying to help you.
i know, but i'm not going to be able to get the drivers to work
i'm not sure, i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` i''
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure how you're doing it.
i'm going to try that now.
i'm not sure, i've never used it before
xubuntu is the default ubuntu installer, xubuntu is the default ubuntu installer
i'm trying to get the firmware to work on my laptop.
i'm using the intel driver.
you can try to boot into windows and see if you can get into the grub menu
you can install the 1. 5. 1 package with the 1. 5. 1 package
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` pidgin''
i'll try that, thanks
you can also install compizconfig - settings - manager and enable the ` ` enable'' option in the menu
ok, so you're trying to mount it?
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure how to do it
i'm trying to get my wireless working on my laptop
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` no such file or directory''
you can use the tab key for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
i'm not sure, i've never used x forwarding, but i'm not sure how you can do that
you can use the deb to install it
you need to mount the share in filepath
you can also upgrade to hoary if you want
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` no''
i don't know, i'm just trying to help you
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` ls - l''
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to get the source package to work
i don't know, i'm just trying to help you
you can use your web interface to connect to your router
ubuntu is the ubuntu support channel, ubuntu1 supports the development version of ubuntu and ubuntu - offtopic is for random chatter. welcome!
i'm not sure what you mean
ok, so you have a windows partition on the first drive?
i don't know, i'm just trying to figure out how to fix it
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that it's a hardware issue, but i'm not sure how you're doing it
i'm not sure if that's the case
you can use the live cd to install grub to the mbr of the disk.
you can access the partitions from the windows partition using gparted
you can try the alternate cd, but it's not a good idea
you can also do ` ` ifconfig eth0 up'' and ` ` ifconfig eth0 up''
i'm not sure if the driver is in the repos, but i'm not sure if it's the same as the other one
you need to install the java plugin
you can use tab for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
i'm not sure, i've been using ubuntu since 6. 10
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to kill pid
you can try to configure your network card to see if it's working or not.
i'd check the logs, and see if they have any issues
i'm using the restricted drivers from the repos.
yes, but i can see them in the same folder.
please don't flood, use url to paste, don't use enter as punctuation.
you can get a decent linux system and get a linux - based os
i'll try that, thanks
i'm trying to install vim - full, but i'm not sure how to install it
you can use the intel graphics card to get the nvidia drivers
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` how to do''
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out why it's not working
you need to be root to mount it
i'm not sure, i've never used it
i'm not sure how to change the resolution in xorg. conf
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` open a terminal''
i'm not sure, i'm not sure.
i'm not sure how to do that, but i'm not sure how to do it in the past.
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure if it's in the repos.
i'm not sure if that will work
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure if it's a dmix problem
i'm not sure if it's a kernel image, but i'd rather not use the image
i'm not sure, but i've never used it.
i'm not sure if it's a hardware problem, but i'm not sure if it's a hardware problem
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to install it
you can use kde apps in gnome, but you can use kde apps to run kde apps
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure if it's a good idea
i don't know, i'm just trying to figure out what it is
if you have a static ip, you can set it up to static ip address in your router
i'm trying to figure out how to do it in the first place
i wouldn't recommend a backup of data recovery tools
i don't know, i'm not sure, but i'm not sure
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure what you're doing.
you can remove the wine package from the repos, and remove the wine package from the wine repo
i'm not sure, i've never used it before, but i'm not sure if it's a bug
you can try to boot from a livecd and see if it works
that's why i said ` ` sudo cp - r filepath filepath
you can also install compizconfig - settings - manager and set it to compiz
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to fix it.
i'm trying to figure out how to mount my partitions, but i'm not sure how to do that.
i have a sound card, and i have a sound card
you can mount it with ` ` sudo mount - o remount filepath filepath
you can use the ramdisk to make a swap partition
you can run it as root, but you can not run any program as root.
i'm not sure if it's a bug, but i'm not sure if it's a bug
i'm trying to install it, but it doesn't work
you can add a panel to the panel and add it to panel
i tried that but it didn't work
you can use the arrow keys to move the buttons
i'll try that, thanks
please don't flood, use url to paste, don't use enter as punctuation.
you can use the tab key for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
i'm not sure if that's the case, but i'm not sure how to do it.
i did sudo nvidia - xconfig and it says that nvidia - glx is not installed.
you can install grub to the mbr of the first drive, then install windows first
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` sudo fdisk - l''
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` sudo nautilus''
you can use nmap to configure it
i'm not sure if it's a virtual machine or not.
i'd rather not be able to do it in a chroot
i am trying to install 32bit libs on 64bit system
64bit is a bit more stable.. more than 4gb ram..
you can try to install them manually, but i'm not sure
i don't know, i just know that it is in the repos
you can open a terminal and type ` ` nautilus''
i'm not sure how you'd learn to learn a programming language
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to get it to run at boot
it's a binary file, not a binary
i don't know, i'm just saying that it's a browser that's running on a web browser
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure if it's a bug or not, it's a bug
you can install xorg and then install xorg. conf
i'm not sure if it's a bug in the current state
there are no viruses for linux.
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to fix it
i know, but i don't know how to remove them
i did, but i didn't see anything wrong with the sources. list
you can install the desktop version of ubuntu
i'm not sure how you can do that, but i'm not sure how you can do it
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to fix it
i dont know, i just use the deb package
i'll give it a shot, thanks
you can install kubuntu - desktop if you want
please don't flood, use url to paste, don't use enter as punctuation.
you cant boot from a live cd, you can boot from the live cd and run grub - install
you can also try ` ` kdesu kde''
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` gnome - terminal - - help''
you can use the vga option to set the resolution to 1280x1024
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` mount''
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure if aptitude is the best option for apt - get
i have a video card, and i have a video card
i'm not sure how to install it, but i'm not sure how to install it.
what is the output of : lsb _ release - sc
what video card do you have?
you can also use synaptic to search for'flash'and see if that works
i'm trying to get my wireless working
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure if it's a bug or not.
i'm not sure, i'm not sure what you're talking about
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to fix it
please don't flood, use url to paste, don't use enter as punctuation.
i cant connect to the internet, i can connect to it
i'm not sure, i'm not sure how to do that
you can use wine to run windows programs on ubuntu
you can upgrade to 11. 04 if you want to upgrade to 11. 10
you can use the - r option to set the permissions of the file
i'm not a programmer, but i'm not a fan of it.
you can use a bluetooth dongle to connect to it
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` proxy''
i'm not sure, i've never had to do that before
i'm not sure how to do that
i'm not sure, i'll be back in a bit
i'm not sure if it's a live cd or a live cd
i'd try to play it in a vlc player
what happens when you try to log in?
i'm not sure if it's a good idea to do it
it's not a problem with the disk
if you want to learn linux, learn linux, learn linux
you can install the drivers from the repos, and then install the drivers from the repos
i'll have a look at it tomorrow
i'm trying to get a live cd to work.
i know, but i'm not a fan of the distro
no, it's not in the repos.
i don't know, i'm just saying that it's not a compat thing
i dont know. i dont use compiz.
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that it's a hardware issue, but it's not a hardware issue
you can try to install a new version of ubuntu and see if you can get a new one
i don't know. i'm not sure that's the point of the fact that the os is a hardware - based os.
i'm trying to install vmware server on my machine.
you can add the line to the end of the line that says'python2. 4 '
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` vlc''
i have a cd drive, and i have to boot from it
ok.. so you have to boot into the live cd and run'sudo update - grub '
i'm not sure. i've never had to use fglrx.
i'm not sure. i've never had to do that.
you can use synaptic to search for packages with synaptic
remove the ` `'' line from the beginning
what is the output of : lsb _ release - sc
i'm trying to figure out how to do it in the script
i'm not sure, i'm just a bit of a fan of it
please don't flood, use url to paste, don't use enter as punctuation.
no, i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to get it to work
i'll try that, thanks
i'm not sure, i'm not sure how you're going to have to do it
you can try to ping your localhost to your localhost
i have a radeon 9250 and a radeon 9600gt
you can remove the xserver - xorg - video - intel package, and then install the xserver - xorg - video - intel package
i'm not sure, i'm not sure what you mean by'secure '
for upgrading, see the instructions at url
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to get it to work
i have a problem with kde, but i dont know how to fix it
i'm not sure, i've never had any problems with it
you can use ` ` md5sum'' to check the md5sums
i have a radeon 9600gt and i have a radeon 9600
i'm not sure if it's a hardware problem, but i'm not sure how to do it in virtualbox
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to get it to work
ok, now do sudo ifconfig eth0 up
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` system settings''
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` compiz'', but i'm not sure how to do that.
you can use tab for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
i'll have a look at it tomorrow, i'll be back soon
you can use irssi to connect to irc
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to get it to work
please don't flood, use url to paste, don't use enter as punctuation.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` i''
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to install it
you can use the windows partition to access the filesystem
you can use upstart to configure upstart to use upstart.
i'm not sure if it's a bug, but i'd like to know if it's a bug or not.
you can use wine to install wine.
i know, but i want to learn how to use linux
i'm not sure what you're talking about, but i'm not sure how you're looking for it
you can use the tab key for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
i'm using the nvidia driver, and it's working fine.
i'm not sure what you mean
you can use the nvidia - settings tool to set the resolution in xorg. conf
ok, so you are using the latest version of ubuntu?
you can get wine to run it
you need to run the script as root
i'm going to try that now. thanks for your help.
you can use ssh to connect to a server
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` i''
you can use your tab key for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
you can use the webcam webcams with ubuntu
i don't know, i'm just trying to help you with that
you need to be registered to send private messages.
i'm just saying that i'm not a fan of 64bit.
i have no idea. i'm just trying to help.
you can use the command ` ` sudo apt - get - f install'' to fix the problem
what kind of video card do you have?
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure how you would do it
i'm trying to rename it to rename
you can also try ` ` sudo apt - get install sun - java6 - jre''
ok, now go to system settings desktop effects settings
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to install it
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that the server isn't running
ok, so you're not using the right device?
you can install the drivers from the repos.
i am only a bot, please don't think i'm intelligent emoji
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` if you don't have a wireless card''
i know, but i'm not sure if it's a problem with the new version of the package
i'm not sure, i'm not sure how to fix that
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure if you can get it from the repos
i did that and it says ` ` no such file or directory''
please watch your language and topic to help keep this channel family friendly.
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure how to do it.
you can remove the old one by hand
i don't know, i'm just trying to figure out how to do it
i'm not sure, i'm not sure what you're talking about.
i'm not sure if it's a big deb or something
i think it's a partition, but it's not a partition, it's a partition, it's a partition
i'm trying to login to a root account
i'll try that, thanks
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` killall firefox''
i'm a little confused, i'm just trying to learn how to do it
vmware is a good place to start
you can use the'server'switch to connect to the server
i'm not sure if it's a keyring issue, but i'm not sure if it's a keyring
i'm not sure, i've never used it before
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` i''
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure how to help you.
what happens when you run the command?
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure how you can do it.
what is the output of : lsb _ release - sc
you can use nautilus to open it up in nautilus
i don't know, i'm not sure, but i'm not sure how to help you
i have a cdrom drive.. i cant use it.. i just need to use it as a cdrom drive..
i'm trying to get my laptop to work on my laptop
you can use the live cd to install the drivers
you can do that, but you can not do anything with iptables
ok, so you're trying to get a wired connection to work?
you can use the restricted extras repositories, but you can install it from the repositories.
i'm not sure, but i'm not a ubuntu user
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure how you can fix it.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` iwconfig''
please don't flood, use url to paste, don't use enter as punctuation.
you can use the windows driver to share the windows machine with the windows xp machine.
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to do it in the script
you can do that from the live cd
you cant delete the partitions, but you cant delete them
i'm not sure if it's a package, but it's a package that doesn't exist in the package
you can use ` ` sudo chown - r user : user : username''
you can use the automount script to automount the filesystem.
i don't know, i'm just trying to help you
ok now type sudo apt - get install nfs - server
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` i''
no, i'm not sure, but i'm not sure if it's a hardware issue, but i'm not sure
ok, now type ` ` sudo make install''
i'll have a look at it
what version of ubuntu are you using?
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to help you
i'm not sure if it's a debian issue, but i'm not sure if it's a debian package
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` i''.
you can use gparted to resize the partitions
you can add the splash screen to the end of the boot line in filepath
i have no idea what you are talking about
i want to use ssh, but i want to use ssh
ok.. i'm not sure.. i'm not sure what you are doing.. i'm not sure..
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` passwd''
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` screen''
pastebin the output of ` ` sudo fdisk - l''
ok, so you're on a router?
i dont know what you mean by the way i dont know what you are doing
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` i''
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that the community isn't free.
please don't flood, use url to paste, don't use enter as punctuation.
you can use aptitude to search for packages with apt - get
you can upgrade to 8. 10 if you want to upgrade to 8. 04
there is a live cd that can do that
i'm not sure, i've been using it for a while, but i'm not sure if it's a usb device
i'm not sure if it's a bug or not, it's a bug
you can use ` ` file'' to edit it
you can install 11. 04 on 11. 10 and use 11. 04
i use konqueror and it works fine
the only thing that is that you can do is ` ` start a program''
you can do that in the livecd
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` time''
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that it's a good start.
you can also try ` ` sudo apt - get install xchat''
you can use apt - get to install it
you can use the ppa for that ppa
i don't know, i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` evolution''
they aren't, they aren't.
i'm using the ethernet card. i'm using the ethernet card.
you can upgrade to the next release if you want
i'm not sure what you mean by sound card
you can try to install it from the repos, and see if it works.
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure how it works.
i'm not sure what you mean
you can also use apt - cache search to search for packages that are installed
you can try ` ` metacity - - replace''
i'm trying to play dvd's on my dvd drive
i'm not sure how to do that, but i'm not sure how to do it
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` windows''
you are not welcome to ask a question.
i'm not sure if it's a bug in the kernel, but i'm not sure if it's a bug or not.
i'm trying to figure out how to fix it..
i'm not sure, i'm not sure how to do it in the terminal
i have a new nvidia card.. i have a nvidia card..
ok, so you have a drive?
cd to the directory, then cd to the directory you want to run
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` i''
you can use your tab key for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
you can try to mount it with sudo mount - t ntfs filepath filepath
you can mount it with a loopback mount option.. but it doesn't work..
you can install ubuntu on a windows machine and run ubuntu on a windows machine
you need to run ` ` echo path''
i'm going to try to install xdmcproot, and see if it works
please don't flood, use url to paste, don't use enter as punctuation.
i'm not sure, i'm just saying it's not a bug, but it's not a bug
ok, so you have no sound at all?
ok, now, go to the folder where you downloaded the file, and extract it to. tar. gz
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to get it to work
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to get a gui for apt.
i'm not sure, i'm not sure what you mean by the error message, but i'm not sure how to fix it
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure how it works, but it's a bit more complicated than a filepath
i'd say that the sata drives are sata, and the sata drives are sata
you can use the apt - get command to install packages
you can upgrade to the latest kernel, but you can upgrade to a newer kernel
you can use the ubuntu repos to get the latest version of ubuntu
you can use sudo to run programs with superuser privileges ( ` ` root'' ). look at url for all information.
ok, so you have to set the ip address to the windows machine on the windows machine
what is the output of : lsb _ release - sc
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure if it's a package manager.
i would try to boot a live cd and see if it works.
if you want to make it a makefile, you can make it a makefile
i'll give it a shot, thanks
i'm trying to get the gcc - 4. 4 package to install the nvidia - glx - new package
you can install kubuntu - desktop and then install kubuntu - desktop
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure how to do it
you can use the restricted drivers manager to install the nvidia drivers
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` screen''
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure how to do it
ok, now reboot and see if it works
you can change the resolution in the xorg. conf file
you can install the deb from the repos, and then install the deb package
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` the''
you can install the firefox plugin from the repos
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that the cpu is faster than the cpu speed.
i'm not sure, i'll look into it
i'll try to reboot and see if it works. thanks for the help.
i'm not sure what you mean
you can upgrade to hoary if you want
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` iwconfig''
i'll give it a shot, thanks
i'm trying to get my webcam working
you can use tab for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
you can boot into recovery mode and run ` ` sudo fdisk - l''
i'm not sure, i've never used gnome
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure how to help you
open a terminal and type firefox - 3. 0. 0
you can install it from the repos, but it's not in the repos
please don't flood, use url to paste, don't use enter as punctuation.
i'm trying to install ubuntu on a usb stick and i'm not sure if it's possible to do it in the future
you can use virtualbox to install virtualbox on your machine
i'll try that, thanks
i'll try to find a deb for it
you can upgrade to karmic if you want
you can use the torrent client to download the torrent files
you can try alt - f2 and type gconf - editor
you can try to boot the livecd and see if it works
i know, but i want to know how to use it
you can use dd to convert the image to a image
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that it's a bug
i'm using the intel chipset, and i'm using the same as the intel chipset
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` no''
i'm not sure how to do it
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to do it
i'm a bit of a noob, i'm just a little tired of my league.
i'm not sure if it's a bug, but i'm not sure if it's a bug or not.
i'm trying to install gnome, i want to install gnome
you can use the live cd to install ubuntu on a cd
you can kill it with killall - 9 pid
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to get it to work
you need to compile it yourself.
it is a binary file. bin file. bin
you can use vncviewer to connect to the server
you can kill it with killall - 9 pid
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` hardware drivers''.
what version of ubuntu are you using?
i'll try that, thanks
i'm going to try to get a new one..
i'm not sure, i've been using linux for about 2 years now
i'm not sure if it's a partition, but i'm not sure how to do it
i'll try to get back to you later
you can install the flash plugin from the repos
you can use the backports repo in the repos
i'm using ssh, not ssh
i'm not sure, i'm not sure what you're doing, but i'm not sure
what is the output of ` ` dmesg tail''?
you can create a folder in your home folder, and then create a folder called folder
i'll have a look at it tomorrow
i'm not sure if it's a bug, but i'm not sure if it's a bug or not.
i'm not sure, i'm not sure what you're looking for.
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that it's a process that doesn't run
you can use the tab key for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to do it
you can use the space to make the partitions, but you can make a new one
i'm not sure, i'm not sure.
you can upgrade to dapper if you want
i'm trying to install ubuntu on a usb stick, and i'll try that.
i'm not sure how to do that
i'm trying to get a gui to work
i'm not sure what you're talking about.
i'm using firestarter, but i'm not sure how to do that
you can try to mount it with the command : sudo mount - t vfat filepath filepath
you can use sudo to run programs with superuser privileges ( ` ` root'' ). look at url for all information.
you can also kill pulseaudio if you want to kill it.
you can ssh into the machine with ssh - x and ssh - x
i'm trying to install a plugin for firefox
you can use your printer in the system settings
you can also use the command ` ` sudo service samba''
you can use apt - get to install the kernel - headers
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` grub - install - - root - directory = filepath filepath
you can add a group to the group that has access to the group
you can use the tab key for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` fsck - l''
try to play a video with vlc and see if it works
i'm not sure. i'm just trying to figure out how to do it.
you can use the tab key for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
you can try to ping your ip address, but that's not the problem
you can use the debian repos, but it is not really a good idea
ok, so you have the correct driver for your wireless card?
you can use the'core'tool to set the cpu frequency.
i'm not sure, i'm using it right now.
you can mount it with ` ` sudo mount - t ntfs - 3g filepath filepath
i'm not sure if x is running or not
i'll try that one, thanks
you can use fat32 for that
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure how to help you with that.
i'm just trying to get my hands on a laptop and i'm not a fan of it
i'm trying to install the new drivers from the repo
i don't know, i'm not sure, but i'm not sure if it's a bug
you can use the partitioner to resize the partition
you can upgrade from dapper to edgy
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that there's no point in the right direction emoji
you can also do ` ` sudo dpkg - reconfigure xserver - xorg''
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to get xgl working
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` the password''
you're not using debian, so you'd have to reinstall it
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` apt - cache policy package''
you can try to install the windows iso and see if it works
i'm trying to get grub to work on this computer
i'm trying to install it on a usb stick, and it works fine.
you can use the ` `'' command to do it
i don't know, i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` ppa''
you can use the default in the virtualbox
you can use kde apps in gnome, but you can use kde apps in gnome
i dont know, i dont use gnome
i know, i'm just trying to figure out how to do it
what kind of router do you have?
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to fix it.
i'm not sure if it's a bug, but i'm not sure how it works.
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure how you'd do it.
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to help you with sound
you can try to remove the keyring from the command line
you can also try'sudo smbfs - l '
i'll try that, thanks
i'm not sure if it's a bug, but i'm not sure if it's a bug
you can try the alternate install cd.
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to get it to work.
i'm using beryl, but i'm not sure how to do it
i'm trying to get the source from the source list.
i'm trying to install dvd's on my laptop
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` noapic''
i'm not sure, i'll try to figure it out
you can install the nvidia drivers from the repos
you can upgrade from the alternate cd to the alternate cd
i'm not sure if it's a problem with the filepath filepath
please don't flood, use url to paste, don't use enter as punctuation.
i have a problem with the browser, but it doesn't work
you can use your tab key for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
i have the restricted drivers installed and i cant install the nvidia drivers
you can also use the pastebin website to send the output of ` ` ifconfig''
i'm not sure, i'm not sure what you're talking about
you can use the tab key for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to do it
you can use tab for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
i'm not sure, i'm not sure if it's a hardware issue, but i'm not sure
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to do it
i think it is a web interface.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` i''
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure if it's a kernel issue, it's a kernel update
you can also use ` ` netstat - rn'' to see if you can connect to your router
you can add a user to the gdm login screen
i'm not sure if it's a kernel patch, but it's not a kernel issue
i'm looking for a way to find a guide for that
i'm not sure what you're doing.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` i''
i'm trying to install a new version of ubuntu.
you can use - - p to find the - p option
you can use the'lspci'command to find out what the kernel is
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure if it's a package, but it's a package manager
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that the flash plugin isn't working
you can use sudo to edit the root password
you can use the command ` ` sudo fsck - n'' command to get the output.
you can try to remove the mplayer package from the command line
i'm not sure, i've never used it.
you can use gconf - editor to open the file manager
you can use the'window manager'tool to set the transparency
you can burn it to a cd, and burn it to a cd
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to get flash working in ubuntu
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to help you.
you can install the package ` ` kubuntu - desktop'' package and then ` ` sudo apt - get install kubuntu - desktop''
you can get a free cd for free
what does the nvidia - settings command say?
i'm not sure what you are doing, but i'm not sure what you are doing
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` i''
did you burn the iso to a cd?
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure if it's a package or not.
i'm not sure, i'm not sure.
you can mount it with ` ` sudo mount - a''
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to do it
did you try the alternate install cd?
you can reinstall ubuntu from scratch.
i have a cdrom drive.. i cant get it to work
you can use the latest version of the latest version from the repos
i'm not sure what you are doing.
i'll try to figure out how to fix it
no, it's a router, but the router isn't working, so i'm not sure if it's the same problem
you can use xchat to connect to irc clients
you can upgrade to a new release if you want to upgrade to a new release
i have a webcam and a webcam
i'm trying to compile it, but i'll try to compile it
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure how you would do it.
you can use your windows network to connect to your ubuntu machine
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to fix it.
no, it's a package that is not in the repos
i'm not sure, i've never used it
i'm not sure, i'm not sure how you're doing it
you can install the codecs for the codecs
i'm not sure, but i don't know how to do it
you can try ` ` sudo apt - get install kubuntu - desktop''
i'm not sure if it's a menu entry, but i'm not sure how to add it to the menus.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` how to install''
you can also use'ssh - x'to see the ssh connection
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` boot from usb''
you can put it in a script that will run the script
you can use the deb url dapper main restricted universe multiverse
i'm trying to install thunderbird on my ubuntu machine
what is the output of : lsb _ release - sc
you can add the panel to the panel
no, you can use tab completion for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
pastebin the output of : sudo apt - get update
i'll try that. thanks.
i'm trying to install xorg. conf
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` secure''
i would say that if you have a hardware problem, you can try the ubuntu live cd
i have no idea what the problem is.. i have a cd burner that is not a cd
i'm not sure what you mean
i'm not sure if it's a firewall or something
you can download the torrent files from the torrent site, and download the torrent from the torrent
i'm not sure.. i'm not sure.. i'm not sure.. i'm not sure..
you can use the command line to do it
you can get a torrent client for that
i'm not sure, i'll try to find a new version
you can set the cube plugin to ` ` cube''
you can use the tab key for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to do it
i'm trying to figure out how to change the clock to the clock
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure how to do it.
you can use dd to make a backup of the drive, but that's not a good idea
you can mount it with ` ` sudo fdisk - l''
you can install xfce4 and use the xfce4 package
you can use tab for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
you can use tab for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` the library''
you can use the tab key for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
you can use python to install python2. 5
i'm not sure what you mean
i'm not sure if they're in the right direction, but i'll be back in a few minutes
you can remove the package from the package manager
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` i''
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` apt - get update''
i'm trying to get a new laptop to work
i dont know what you are doing.. i dont know how to help you
i'm not sure if it's a network card or a network card
you can use ` ` sudo cp - r filepath filepath
i'm not sure, i'm not sure if it's a bug, but i'd rather not do it
i'm not sure if it's a kernel patch, but i'd rather not use it
please don't flood, use url to paste, don't use enter as punctuation.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` no''
i'm not sure what you mean
you can download it from the repos, and install it from there
you can use the - - force option to remove the old ones
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to do it
you can change the nick of the nick you want to use to autocomplete
you can use the free space to resize the free space
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` the''
i'm not sure, i'm just saying it's not a bug
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` no'', but i'm not sure what you mean.
i'm not sure if it's a hardware problem, but i'm not sure if it's a hardware problem.
i'm trying to install a deb from the repo.
you can do that if you want to.
i'm not sure, i've been using it for a while
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that it's not a bug, it's a bug
you can use your tab key for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
i'm not sure, i'm just a programmer.
i'm not sure if it's a kernel bug, but i'm not sure if it's a kernel bug or not
i'm trying to install it on a usb stick, but i'm not sure how to do it
you can upgrade to 9. 10 if you want
i'm not sure if it's a bug, but it's a bug in the kernel that's not a problem.
you can install the alternate cd, but you can install the desktop version
the packages in ubuntu are divided into several sections. more information at url and url - see also! easysource
you can use the tab key to complete the filenames
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure how you're doing it
i'm not sure, i've been using wine for a while, but i'm not sure if it's a problem with wine.
you can also use'man bash'to find out what the command is for
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to fix it
i'm not sure, i'll try that
i don't know, i just use the repos.
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to get the source of the source code
what is the output of : lspci grep - i net
i'm not sure if it's a good idea to make a deb file for it
i don't know, i'm just saying that adobe is a flash player, but it's not a flash player
i'm going to try to get a new one
i'm not sure how to change the fonts in the menus
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to make a program for it to run on ubuntu
ok.. i'm not sure.. i'm not sure what you're trying to do.. i'm not sure..
it's not a meta package, it's a meta package
you can also use sudo - i to get a root shell
you can try to remove the package from the repos
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to get it to work
you can boot from a live cd and boot from it
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` the file''
what is the output of ` ` df - h''?
ok, so you're on a router right now?
i would say 10. 10 is not supported here
you can also use the pastebin website to give the url to the pastebin
i have tried that but it doesn't work
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` run''
you need to add the line ` ` deb url dapper main'' to your sources. list
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` i''
you can use your windows media player to play games on linux
i'm not sure, i'm not sure if it's a bug or not, but i'm not sure
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` configuring dhcp''
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` no''
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to do it
i'm not sure if it's a bug in the bug report
i don't know, i'm just a bot, sorry
i'll try that, thanks
i'm trying to get the printer working on the laptop
you can use the filepath file to check the logs
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to do it
i don't know, i'm just saying that i don't know
i'm trying to connect to my internet connection via the command line
i don't know, i just installed it from the command line.
i'm not sure, i've never used it
ok, so you're running compiz?
ok, so you have a grub boot loader?
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to do it
you need to install the medibuntu repo
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` screen''
you can also try to log in as root, and see if you can log in as root.
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that it's a program that doesn't exist in the repositories.
evolution is the default browser, so you can use it
what video card do you have?
i have a filepath folder and i cant find it
i'd try a different distro, but i'm not sure if it's supported or not
you can use ssh to connect to the remote machine
you can use sudo to edit the root password
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure how you can do it
i don't know.. i'm not sure.. i'm just a fan of xfce..
i'm not sure what you're talking about. i'm not sure if it's a kde app or not.
you can use the command lspci to find out what the device is
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` sudo mount - a''
i'm not sure, i'm not sure if it's a bug or not.
you can use konqueror to install the plugin
i'm not sure how to do that, i'm just trying to figure out how to do it
you can also use the'esd'command to find out what the output is
i'm not sure, i'm not sure.
you can chroot to the livecd and chroot to the chroot filepath
i'm not sure, i'm not sure what you're doing, but i'm not sure
you can add the theme to the theme manager
vim - full is a vim - full vim
i'm not sure if that's the case.. but i'm not sure.. i've never had to use it myself..
you can use sudo to run programs with superuser privileges ( ` ` root'' ). look at url for all information.
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure.
i'm not sure if it's a bug, but i'm not sure if it's a bug
you can also just use the firefox plugin to make it a new one
i'm not sure, i'm not sure if it's a bug in the repos.
you can use the nvidia - glx - new driver to install the nvidia drivers
you need to add the repository to the sources. list
wireless documentation can be found at url
i don't know, i'm not sure if it's a windows app, but it's a windows installer
you're welcome. i'm just a bot.
i'm using a laptop with a laptop and it's a laptop
i did that, but it didn't work
you can use the command ` ` filepath to find the file
you can use : gksudo gedit filepath
i'm using the restricted drivers from nvidia. com
i don't know, i'm just trying to help you
i'm trying to get the nvidia driver to work.
i'm not sure, i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` it''
i'm not sure if it's a hardware problem, but i'd try to help you with that.
you can use sudo to run programs with superuser privileges ( ` ` root'' ). look at url for all information.
i use it all the time, but i like it better
you can use'find'to find out what you want
for filepath video cards, see url
you can use gparted to resize the partitions
what is the output of : lspci grep - i vga
i'm not sure if it's a software issue, but i'm not sure if it's a software issue
please don't flood, use url to paste, don't use enter as punctuation.
you can resize the ntfs partition to make it work
i'll try that, thanks
you can use ` ` sudo apt - get update'' to install it
i'm not sure if you can get a link to the bug report
i did that, but it still says ` ` unable to connect to server''
i'm not sure if i can get it to work on my laptop.
you can use ` ` find'' to remove the files
what is the output of : lsusb
i'm not sure, i'm using evolution.
i have a game that runs on wine
i'm using a vpnc client, so i'm not sure how to do it
i'm not sure, i'll try to figure it out
i'm not sure, i've never used wifi, but i'm not sure if it's possible to connect to the internet
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` i''
i have a few other browsers installed, but i cant find anything
i have a gdm screen with no screen
i'm not sure if it's a hardware issue, but i'm not sure if it's a hardware issue
i'm not sure if the driver isn't loaded, but i'm not sure if it's the same card as the nvidia driver
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to do it in windows
ok, i'll give you a link
you can try to boot a live cd and see if you can get a grub menu. lst
i'm not sure, i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` no''
you can get debian packages from debian. org
i'll have a look at it tomorrow.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` sudo fdisk - l''
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to make it work
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` nvidia''
you can get the latest version of ubuntu and get the latest version
you can also just put it in the script, and it will be in the script
you need to add the line ` ` deb url dapper main''
i dont know how to do that
you can also use the conky conky conky conky conky conky conky
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` ls - l''
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` i''
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` i'', but i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` no''
you can use a modem to find out if it's a modem
i'm not sure if the problem is that it's not a problem with the disk.
you can install them from the repos, and then install them
if you have a 64bit processor, you can use 64bit
i have a webcam.. i cant find any information on the webcam
you need to mount the share to the share
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` i'm not sure''
ok, so you have a new one?
you can upgrade to dapper if you want
what is the output of : sudo iptables - l
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` wm''
i'm not sure, i've never had to do that
you can try to compile it yourself
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` no effects''
you can use dd to copy the files, but it will be a bad idea
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` ftp''
i'm not sure, i've never used ext3 before, so i'm not sure.
i'm using it for a while now
i'm not sure, i've never used it
i'm not sure if it's a bug in the xorg. conf file, but i'm not sure if it's in the same place.
you can also just open the file with the fonts and change the fonts
you need to register your nick to register your nick
i'm not sure if you can reproduce it in the bug report
i'm not sure if it's a partition, it's a partition, it's a partition, not a partition
i'll try to figure out how to get the flash working
you can use the tab key for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
you can run it in a terminal
you can use your tab key for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
i'm not sure, i'm not sure if it's a hardware problem or not.. i'm not sure if it's supported or not
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to do it
you can set the horizontal and vertical horizontal and vertical size to 4
you can use a dns server to do it
i'm not sure what you're talking about
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` intel''
you can use a live cd to recover the data
you have to install the libgl1 - mesa - dev package
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` no such file or directory''
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to do it in a terminal.
i'm not sure, i've never had to compile it.
what is the output of : lsb _ release - a
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to get the 64bit version of ubuntu
you can use the disk utility to check the drive.
i'm trying to mount it, but it says it's mounted
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure if it's a debian issue
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to fix it
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to install kde4
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` iwconfig''
i'm not sure what you're talking about, but i'm not sure how to do it
i'm just trying to get my hands on a new laptop.
i'm not sure how you're doing it, but i'm not sure how you're doing it
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` cron''
i'm not sure what you mean
i have a live cd, i cant install ubuntu on it
did you install the firefox - 3. 0 package?
i'm just a little confused, i'm just trying to get a new one
i'm not sure what it is, it's just a partition, it's mounted, but it's not mounted
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that i'm not sure how to do it in windows
you can use the ppa for that ppa, but you can always upgrade to the latest version of ubuntu
you can also run : sudo chmod 755 filepath
you can use synaptic to search for it
you can use unetbootin to install the windows drivers
i am trying to install php5 - mysql - server
you can use the source code for it
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to install it on a cd
you can install it on a usb stick
you can use the partitioner to resize the partitions, but you can resize the partitions to make it easier
you can use your tab key for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
you can install the nvidia - glx - new package
i don't know. i'm not sure.
you can use tab for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
you can use sudo to edit the sudoers file
then, you can install the wine package.
i have a broadcom card and i have a broadcom card
i have the mplayer plugin installed and i cant play it
i'm not sure if it's a bug, but i'd like to know if it's a bug
i'm using vnc on my desktop
you need to be registered to pm
you can use find to find out if you want to do it
you can mount it with mount - t ntfs filepath filepath
i have a sound card and i cant get it to work
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` grub - install - - root - directory = filepath filepath
i'll give it a shot, thanks
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure if it's a dns server or something
ok, i'll try that. thanks
right click on the icon, and click on the icon, and click on the icon, and then click on the icon
ok, now do ` ` sudo ifconfig eth0 up''
it's not a firefox issue, it's a firefox theme
you can also kill pidgin and kill it
i'm not sure what you are saying is that ubuntu1 is not supported here
you can use gparted to resize the partition
vmware is a virtual machine.. it's a virtual machine..
i'm not sure, i'm not sure what you're looking for.
i'm trying to install it on a cd
i'm not sure if it's a hardware problem.. i'm not sure if it's a hardware problem..
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` i''
i'm not sure if it's a bug, but i'm not sure if it's a bug
you can also boot off the live cd and fix grub
sudo is a command to run programs with superuser privileges ( ` ` root'' ). look at url for all information.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` i''
i'm not sure, i'm just saying it's not stable.
medibuntu is a repository of packages that can not be included into the ubuntu distribution for legal reasons - see url
you can use the dns server to configure the network
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure how you can do it
i'm trying to open the terminal and it says ` ` cd filepath
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to do it
you can try to install the package from the repos
you can use a web server to connect to your windows machine
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure how you could do that.
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to fix it
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` remote desktop''
you can upgrade to 10. 10 if you want to upgrade to 10. 04
sudo is a command to run programs with superuser privileges ( ` ` root'' ). look at url for all information.
i'm not sure how to do that, i'll try it
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` sudo apt - get install - - reinstall''
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure if python is installed or not.
you can use the tab key for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
i'm not sure how to do that
i'm not sure if it's a server or a server - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
you're using the ssh server on the machine?
i'm not sure if it's a bug, but i'm not sure if it's a bug or not.
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure if it's a bug or not, but i'd rather not recommend it
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to fix it
you can add the universe repository to your sources. list
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure how you're talking about gnome
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` i''
for information about installing ubuntu from usb flash drives, see url - for a persistent live usb install, see : url
you can also use the gnome - panel applet to find the right one
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that it's a flash issue, but i'm not sure if it's a flash issue
for information about installing ubuntu from usb flash drives, see url - for a persistent live usb install, see : url
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure if it's a good idea
you can use the tab key for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
i don't know, i'm just trying to help you
i'm trying to install ubuntu on a laptop and i'm trying to install ubuntu on my laptop
i'm not sure what you're trying to do.
ok, so you have 2 partitions?
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` rm - r''
i'm not sure if it's a good idea to get it working
i'll try to reboot and see if it works. thanks for the help.
what is the output of : sudo fdisk - l
i'm not sure, i'm not sure if it's a hardware problem, but i'm not sure.
you can upgrade to 8. 04 if you want to upgrade to 10. 04
i have no idea what the problem is
i'd try the live cd, and see if it works
i'm going to be on tomorrow, i'll be back in a bit
i'm not a fan of people who aren't going to be willing to help you.
i'm using xchat now, but i'm not sure how to get it to work
you can do that if you want to keep your home partitions
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to kill it
sudo is a command to run programs with superuser privileges ( ` ` root'' ). look at url for all information.
ubuntu - offtopic is a ubuntu support channel, ubuntu - offtopic is ubuntu - offtopic for other topics. thanks!
i'm using the default ubuntu installer, so i'm not sure how to do it
i'm going to try that now
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure if you can get it from the repos
what happens when you try to start kde?
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure how you would do it
you can buy a new computer and buy a new one
i'm trying to get the same error message
i'm not sure, i've never had to reinstall it.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` i''
i'm not sure, i'm not sure, but i'm not sure if it's a deb package, but i'm not sure
i'm using the nvidia driver, and it's the same as the nvidia driver
i'm going to restart and see if it works
i'm not sure what you mean
i'm not sure if it's a problem with the filepath
you can use your tab key for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
ok, so you're trying to get the drivers installed?
i'm not sure what the problem is, i'm trying to connect to the server
you can try to install skype from the repos, and see if it works.
i wouldn't say that, but i wouldn't recommend it.
i'm not sure what you are trying to do.
i'll try to install libxml2 - dev and see if it works
xfce is the default xfce desktop environment.
you can install it with apt - get install webmin
you can mount it with ` ` sudo mount - o loop filepath filepath
i did that, but it didn't work
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out what the problem is
you can try to convert the. avi to a. avi file to a. avi file
i'm not sure what you mean
i'm not sure if you're going to be here, but i'm not sure if you're going to be here
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out why it's not working
i'm not sure, i'm just a bit of a bit of a work around
what is the output of : sudo fdisk - l
you can delete the file in filepath
it's not a keyring password, it's a key, it's a key, it's a key
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` the''
ok, now, open a terminal and type ` ` sudo apt - get update''
you can learn c and c, but you can learn c and c
you can use the package manager to install packages from source
i'm not sure if it's a swap partition.
ext3 is the default file system.
you need to add the ip address to the router
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to get it to work
you can mount it with ` ` sudo mount - o remount filepath filepath
you can reinstall grub to the mbr of the drive and reinstall grub to the mbr of the mbr
ok, so you have to remove the old one and reboot
i'm trying to run mysql - server - 5. 0. 0. 1 - 1ubuntu1. 1 - 1ubuntu1. 1ubuntu1. 1ubuntu1. 1ub
you can upgrade from the alternate cd
you can use the web browser to do it.
you can use synaptic to install packages from the repositories
please don't flood, use url to paste, don't use enter as punctuation.
you can add a line like : hostname = hostname = hostname = hostname = hostname = username = username = username = username = username = username = username = username = username =
i'll try to figure out how to make it work, thanks
you can also use the'bash'command to set the shell variable to run the script.
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure.
i'm not sure what you mean
you can use the vnc client to connect to the windows machine
i'm not sure, i'll look into it
ok, so you have a filepath
they are not a good idea to do that
vim is a good editor, vim is a good editor
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to do it
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` disk''
i'm using firefox, and i'm using firefox
i'm not sure if it's a bug, but i'd rather not be able to reproduce it on the bug
i'm not sure if it's a hardware problem, but i'm not sure if it's a hardware problem
i'm not sure what you mean
i'm not sure, i'm not sure what you're doing, but i'm not sure
you need to install the program.
you need to add the line ` ` : 0. 0. 0'' to the end of the line
it's a filepath file, not a directory
i'm not sure if it's a bug, but i'm not sure how to fix it
you can use skype to play a video
i'm not sure.. i've never used it.. but i've never had any problems with it..
you can use the'lsmod'command to find out what the kernel module is
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to fix it
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that it's a flash issue, but it's not a problem with the flash plugin
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to do it
ubuntu is the ubuntu support channel, ubuntu1 supports the development version of ubuntu and ubuntu - offtopic is for random chatter. welcome!
i'm trying to install it, but i'm not sure how to get it to work
you can chmod 777 filepath to change permissions
you can also just right click on the desktop and choose ` ` add to panel''
i'm not sure what you are talking about, but i'm not sure if you can help with that
i'm not sure, i'll try that
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` i''
you can reinstall the os from the live cd.
you can also just use the deb package name to install it
it's not stable yet, it's not stable yet
i'm using the webcam on my laptop
i have no idea what you are trying to do
you can use gparted to resize the partitions
i'm not sure if it's a bug, but i'm not sure if it's a bug or not, i'll try to help you
i don't know, i'm just trying to figure out how to do it
i don't know, i'm not sure.
i'm going to try to fix the bug report
i'm not sure if it's a hardware problem.
i'll try to find a ppa for it
i'm not sure, i've never used it
i have a dvd drive and i want to install ubuntu on my laptop
i'm not sure if it's a hardware issue, but i'm not sure if it's a hardware issue
i'm not sure what you mean
i'm not sure, i've never used vlc
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that it's free software.
if you want to remove the folder, you can delete it.
i'm going to try the installer again
i'm not sure if that will work, but i'm not sure how to do it
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` power management''
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to get it to work
i tried that but it doesn't work
you can try to disable the kernel in grub
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` i'm not sure what you mean''
i'm not sure, i've been using it for a while.
you can use ` ` sudo'' to do that
i'm not sure, i'm just saying it's not a good idea to use gaim
i didn't know that, i was just trying to figure out how to install it
you can get the ndiswrapper package from the repos
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` no''
i'm not sure if you can get wpa _ supplicant to work with wpa _ supplicant
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to do it.
you can add it to the user's group
i'm not sure if it's a kernel issue, but i'm not sure if it's a kernel issue
i'm trying to figure out how to do it
you have to add the nameserver to your filepath file
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` ping''
i know, but i'm not sure how to do it in the first place
you need to install the deb from the repos
it's not a virus, it's a virus
i'm not sure if you can get a good answer
i'm not sure, i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` apt - get install package''
it's a bug in the bug report
i'm not sure if that's the case
i'm trying to figure out how to do it
i'm using 8. 10, 10. 04 lts, 10. 04 lts
i'm not sure, i'm just a bit confused
i'm going to try to get a new one, and see if it works.
i'm not sure, i've been using it for a long time, but i'm not sure how it works
you can use gksudo for gui apps
you can make a separate partition for filepath and filepath
find. - name ` `. java'' - exec rm { } ;
i'm trying to install a package that doesn't exist in ubuntu
i'm not sure, i'll try to find out if it's a bug
you can also just copy the files over to the filepath directory
i'm not sure if you can get it to work
you need to add the output to the file
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that they're not the same.
i know, but i'm not sure how to use it
you can burn the iso to a cd and burn it to a cd
ok.. you have a broadcom card..
if you have firestarter installed you can use firestarter to configure iptables
you can delete the files in filepath
i'm not sure how to help you.
i know, but i'm not a fan of the world emoji
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to install java from the repos
you can install the guest additions in the repos
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` sudo apt - get update''
you can install it from the repos.
i'm not sure if that's what you're saying.
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to do it
i'm not sure, i've been using linux for a while
ok, so you are trying to mount it?
i use irssi, but i like it
i'm not sure, i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` it''
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure how you're doing it
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to do it
i'm not sure if wubi is a problem with wubi
i'm not sure if it's a problem with the installation of the installer, but i'm not sure how to fix it
i'm not sure, i've never had to use it for a while
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` how to do it''
i'm not sure how you would do it, but i'm not sure how you would like it to be
i'm not sure, i'm just a bit confused, but i'm not sure how you're doing it
try running'killall amarok'from a terminal, and see if it's running
you can use the tab key for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
you can use a router to connect to the ethernet cable.
i'll try that, thanks
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that they're not the same, but they're both different
you can also remove the old one by one, and remove the old one
you can also just mount it to filepath
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that it's a bug
you can always just use the alternate cd
if you don't know what you are doing, you could try ` ` sudo make install''
ext3 is the default file system on ubuntu, and ext3 is the default for windows
you can use your tab key for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
you can use the desktop edition if you want
i'm not sure how to do that.
i'm not sure, i'll try it out
you need to install libdvdcss2 and libdvdcss2
i would try a different driver.. but i wouldn't know how to fix it.
i'll try that. thanks.
i'm trying to compile it, but i'm not sure how to get it to work
if you are using firestarter you can use sudo apt - get install firestarter
i'm not sure, i've never used it
i'm not sure if the cd - rom is in the cdrom.
compiz is a window manager that can do that.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` i'', but i'm not sure what you mean.
ok, now run'sudo apt - get install nvidia - glx '
i'm not sure if it's a broadcom chipset.
ok, so you are using the same password as your username?
i'm not sure, i'm not sure.
you can also just remove the - - force option
you can access the remote machine from the remote machine from the remote machine to the machine you are trying to connect to
sudo is a command to run programs with superuser privileges ( ` ` root'' ). look at url for all information.
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure how you can do it
ok, so you have a usb stick and a usb stick?
i wouldn't recommend that, but i wouldn't recommend it.
i'm just saying that i'm not a programmer, i'm just a programmer.
i'm not sure if it's a good idea to use xchat
i'm not sure, i'm just a bit confused about it.
vnc is a protocol for remote desktop. url describes how to use it securely. it works best over fast connections, otherwise look at! freenx
i'm not sure if it's a bug, but i'm not sure how to do it in the future
you can download the iso and burn it to a cd
i'm not sure if it's a bug or not, but i'm not sure if it's a bug or not
you can use tab to complete the name of the program
i'm using the netbook edition, not the netbook remix
i'm trying to use the command line to do it
you can use the filepath file to install the codecs
i'm not sure if it's a wireless card.
i dont know what you are doing but i dont know how to help you
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to do it
i have a game that runs on wine.
i'm not sure if the kernel is the same, but i'm not sure if it's the same architecture as the kernel
i know, but i don't know how to delete it
i'm not sure, i'm on a laptop.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` screen''
i'm not sure how you would do it
you're not in the directory where you put it in. filepath
you can use the'smbpasswd'command to set the share in the smb. conf
i don't know, i'm not sure.
i have no idea, i haven't used it myself
you can use the software centre to install the software
you need to add the module name to the module name
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to do it
you can use firestarter to configure iptables to configure it
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` metacity - - replace''
you can try ` ` sudo ifconfig eth0 192. 168. 1. 1''
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure how to help you, sorry.
i'm not sure what you mean.
pastebin the output of ` ` sudo fdisk - l''
you can upgrade to dapper if you want
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` boot up''
you can use nautilus to connect to ftp
i'm not sure if you can get it to work on my todo list
you can use the package manager to install it
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to get it to work
you can install the flashplugin - nonfree package from the repos, and then install the flashplugin - nonfree package
i'm trying to install gnomebaker, i'll try that
you can try to reboot and see if it works
i'm trying to figure out how to do it
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that i'm not sure how to do it.
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to get beryl running.
i have a tv card, and i have a tv card
i don't know, i'm not sure, but i'm not sure if it's a package manager
i'm trying to play a video in mplayer
did you try to access the folder from the windows machine?
i'm not sure if it's a bug, but i'm not sure if it's a bug or not.
i dont know.. i dont use irssi.. but i dont use irssi..
no.. you can use sudo to run the commands..
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` ps aux''
i'm not sure, i'm just a bit busy at the moment
you can create a new partition for it to be created to be used to resize the partition
you can also use the'gnome - terminal'command to find out what you want to do
i'm not sure, i'm not sure what you're trying to do.
i'm not sure, i'm not sure.
you can use ` ` man fdisk'' to see the partitions
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to do it
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that the ` `'' way of doing it emoji
i'm not sure if it's a fresh install
you can use the 32 bit version of x86
i'm not sure if it's a wireless card.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` i''
you can upgrade to the latest version of ubuntu.
you can try ` ` xkill'' and ` ` xkill''
i'm not sure if you can get a live cd to boot from it.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` xchat''
i'm not sure if that's the case, but i'm not sure how it's doing it.
you can use the tab key for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
i'm trying to install the nvidia drivers from nvidia. com
i'm trying to mount my partitions to be mounted on the same partition.
i'm looking for a linux version of linux
i'm not sure how to do that, but i'm not sure how you're doing it.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` it''
you can use the installer to install the ubuntu partitioner
no, it's a gcc package, not gcc
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure how you're doing it.
you need to install the nvidia drivers from nvidia. com
i'm not sure what the problem is, i'm not sure if it's a firewall or not.
i'm not sure, i'm not sure what you're talking about
i'm going to try that now. thanks for the help.
i'm trying to figure out how to get the dvd to work
i'm not sure, i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` update''
i'm using the ` ` screen'' screen.
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure if you can get it from the iso
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to do it
you can use your password for your username
right click on the panel, add to panel, then add to panel, then add to panel, then add to panel
you can install it with a virus scanner
you can use wine to run windows programs on linux
i'm trying to install the nvidia drivers from the repos.
if you have a router, you can use a firewall on the router
you can run it from a terminal
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure if it's in the repos.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` upgrade''
i have the same problem, but i have no sound at all
i have a new laptop and it is not a laptop
you can mount it to a partition, but it's not mounted
you can install the build - essential package from the repos
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure how to help you.
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to do it
i'll try that, thanks
i don't know. i'm not sure.
i'm not sure if it's a bug, but it's a bug
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` upgrade''.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` i'', but i'm not sure how you're doing it.
you can use the package manager to install packages from the repositories
you can use a filepath tool to do that
i'm not sure what you mean.. i'm not sure what you mean..
i'm not sure, i've never used it before
i'm not sure if it's a bug, but i'm not sure if it's a bug
i'm not sure, i'll try to find it
i'm using the nvidia driver, and i'm using the nvidia drivers
i did that, but it didn't work
i'm not sure if it's a problem with the filepath
he's not going to be able to boot from a live cd
you can try to install the nvidia drivers from the repos, and see if that works
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` nfs''
if you want to kill the process you want to kill the process you want to kill
i'm not sure, i'm not sure.
you can use the command line to set the password
i'm not sure if you can get a webcam or a webcam
i'm not sure if it's a bug or not, but i'd rather not get it to work
i'm not sure if it's a dns server or something
i'm not sure, i've been using it for a while
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` no''
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to upgrade to edgy
i don't know, i'm just saying that it's not a partitioning tool.
i'm not sure, i'm just a vim user emoji
i'm trying to access the folders from a windows machine to the folder
you are not going to be asking for help, you are not going to be here.
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure if it's a windows issue, it's a windows program
i'm trying to change the permissions of the folders, but i'm not sure how to change the permissions
you can use the pdf editor to edit the pdf
what kind of card do you have?
you can set the permissions on the filepath
i'm not sure, i'm not sure what you're doing, but i'm not sure how to do it in a chroot
you can use tab for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
i'm not sure what you mean.. i'll try that.. thanks for your help.
ok.. you'll have to edit the xorg. conf file to make sure you have the correct driver installed
you cant even get a virus on linux
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure if you can do it in a usb stick, but i'm not sure
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure how you're talking about it
i'm not sure what you're talking about.
i'm not sure, i'm not sure what you're talking about
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` ubuntu''
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure if it's 64bit or 32bit or 64bit
you can burn it to a cd, and burn it to a cd, then burn it to a cd
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` kernel''
i did that and it still doesn't work
you can use the disk utility to make the drive work on the drive, but you can not see the drive
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` the same thing''
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure if it's possible to do it in the past.
you can also install the package ` ` sudo apt - get install sun - java6 - jre''
i'm trying to run it in a terminal
you can try to boot a livecd and see if it works
i dont know. i dont use the windows - - only windows app.
you can use gparted to resize the ntfs partition
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to get it to work
i'm not sure, i've never used it
you can try to disable the onboard sound in the bios.
you can use the mount command to mount it
i'm trying to install ubuntu on a new machine
i'm not sure about the journaling tool, but i'm not sure how you can do it
what is the output of : lspci grep - i vga
i have a radeon hdmi card and i cant get my monitor to work
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure if it's a flash issue, but i'm not sure.
i'm not sure if it's a bug in ubuntu, but i'm not sure how to help you
i'm not sure, i've never used it
you can install the flashplugin - nonfree package from the repos.
i'm using nv, nvm, nvm, nvm, nvm, nvm, nvm, nv, nv, nv, nvm, nvmvm
i'm not sure, i've never had to do that before
you can use your tab key for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
ok so you are using a router?
i think it's in the rc. d script
you can install firefox 3. 5 from the repos
i'm not sure how to do that
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` grub - install''
i'm looking for a way to find the file, but i'm not sure how to do it
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` the kernel''
it's not a bug, it's a bug in the release cycle
i'm going to try xubuntu - desktop and see if that helps.
you can use the web browser to find out what the problem is.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` it's not working''
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` no''
i have no sound at all.
i'm not sure what that means, i'm not sure if it's the same as the kernel module
i'm trying to mount it with the same permissions
no, it's not a bug, it's a bug
you can use your tab key for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
i'm trying to figure out how to fix it
please don't flood, use url to paste, don't use enter as punctuation.
if you're running a stable release, you'll be fine.
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that you're not using a flash player
i don't know, i'm not sure. i'm not sure.
i'm not sure if that's the case.
you can also use ` ` gksudo gedit filepath
i'm not sure, i'm just saying it's a bit more complicated than the other one
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` ping localhost''
i'm not sure, i've never had any problems with it.
you can create a new user and add a new user to the new user
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` sudo fdisk - l''
i'll have a look at it tomorrow
you'll have to wait for a few minutes to get a new release
i have a wlan0 in my network card
you need to install the. bin file first
i'm trying to install grub on a usb stick
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure if it's a hardware problem, but i'm not sure how it works
i'm not sure how to fix it
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure how you're asking.
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure if it's a live cd or not.
i was thinking of a different way of doing it.
you can delete the old one by hand
i have a filepath partition, and i can access it from the live cd
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure if it's a good idea to run vmware
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` sudo apt - get update''
i'll try that, thanks
you can use vnc to connect to the internet
apt - get is a command line interface for apt - get
ok, so you are running the command ` ` sudo apt - get install - f''
wine is a compatibility layer for running windows programs on filepath see url for more information.
i'm not sure if the live cd will boot the livecd, but i'll try it out
ok, so you have a backup of your xorg. conf?
ok, so you have a drive on the drive?
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` the''
i'll try that, thanks
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to do it
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to do it
i'm not sure, i've never used it.
i'm not sure if it's a hardware problem, but i'm not sure if it's a hardware problem
you can remove the old ones from the repos, but that's not the problem
you can try to unmount it.
what does ` ` alsamixer'' say?
you can use ` ` echo path'' to make a file in a file
i know, but i want to keep my home partitions
you can compile it yourself if you want
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure.
you can also use ` ` apache2ctl'' to configure apache to use apache
i'm not sure, i'm not sure what you're talking about.
i don't know, i'm not sure, but i don't know
you can use your tab key for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
i'm not sure, i'm just a fan of tv, but i'm not sure how to do it
i have the compiz settings manager installed, but i cant find the cube plugin
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` iwconfig''
you can use the command line to do it
i'm not sure what you mean.
i know, but i'm not sure if it's a bad idea
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that it's a kernel bug, but it's a kernel bug
i'm trying to figure out how to do that
i'm not sure if it's a good idea.
ok, so you are using the wrong driver, and you are using the wrong driver for your wireless card?
you can run it with'sudo apt - get install ubuntu - desktop '
i don't know, i'm using kde
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` i''
i'm trying to get the ipw2200 driver to work
you can use the tab key for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
you can use the command ` ` sudo apt - get install lamp - server''
i'm not a fan of debian, i'm just a bit of a developer
i'm going to try that now
you can use rhythmbox to play mp3s
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` x''
i'm not sure how to do that.
i'm using the restricted drivers manager, not the restricted drivers manager
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` apt - get update''
i'll try that. thanks.
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to fix it
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` it''
i'm not sure, i'll be back in a bit
you can use the ` `'' command to do it
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` iwconfig''
you can use a firewall to access your windows machine
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -''
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure how you would do it
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to do it
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to help you, sorry
you need to install the codecs for mplayer
i'm not sure if it's a pptp - py - - config file, but i'm not sure if it's a problem
i have a problem with the new version of ubuntu, but i cant get it to work
i'm not sure if it's a kernel module, but i'm not sure how to do it in ubuntu
i'm trying to get a windows program to run on linux, and i'm not sure how to do it in linux
please don't flood, use url to paste, don't use enter as punctuation.
i'm not sure, i'm not sure what that means.
i don't know, i'm not sure what you're talking about
i'll try that, thanks
i'll try that, thanks
you can use sudo to run programs with superuser privileges ( ` ` root'' ). look at url for all information.
i have a cd burner thats all i can think of
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` desktop effects''
you can use ` ` sudo apt - get update'' to upgrade to hoary
i'm trying to install gnomebaker and it's not in the repos.
you can ping the ip of the machine from the ubuntu machine
i'm not sure how to do that, but i'm not sure how to help him
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to get it to work
i did, but it says it can't read write permissions
you can also use a firewall in the system monitor
you can use vncviewer to connect to the remote desktop
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` filepath
you need to enable the universe repo
i'm not sure, i've never had to use it before
i'm not sure what you mean
i'm not sure if it's a partitioning problem, but it's not a problem.
you can use the usermod command to add the user to the admin group
i'm trying to install the source code.
please don't flood, use url to paste, don't use enter as punctuation.
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure if it's in the repos.
no, you can use the tab key to autocomplete the nick of the nick
i'm not sure if it's a kernel issue, but i'm not sure if it's a kernel problem
you can use apt - get to install xchat
i dont know how to do that
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure how much ram you have, but i'm not sure
you can run it from the terminal, and it will run
you can use the package manager to install it
you can use ` ` sudo'' to do it
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that it's not a problem
please don't flood, use url to paste, don't use enter as punctuation.
i'm not sure if it's a bug, but i'm not sure if it's a bug
medibuntu is a repository of packages that can not be included into the ubuntu distribution for legal reasons - see url
i'm not sure how you'd do it.
you can boot from a live cd and boot from it
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to get it to work
you can get a free version of ubuntu and get it from free
i know, but i'm not sure if it's a firewall or not
i'm not sure if it's a hardware problem, but i'm not sure how to help you
you can use the file manager to access the files from the windows machine
you can use tab for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
i'm not sure, i've been using linux for a long time.
i'd try to find out if it's a dns problem
you can use ` ` sudo'' to change the root user
ext4 is the default for ext4
i'm trying to figure out how to do that.
you can use the md5sum to check the iso, but it is not a good idea to check the iso
i don't know, i'm just a bot, sorry
you're using the wrong driver, right?
samba is the way to cooperate with windows environments. links with more info : url and url - samba can be administered via the web with swat.
you can run it from a terminal
you can try ` ` sudo filepath restart''
i'm not sure, i've never used it myself
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` screen''.
please don't flood, use url to paste, don't use enter as punctuation.
i'm not sure if i can get it to work
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` installing packages''
you can add it to the panel
i'm not sure, i'm not sure what you're doing.
i have a dual boot system with a dual - boot system and a dual boot. i have a dual boot system with the same card.
you can try to get a new version of ubuntu from scratch
i'm not sure, i'm just saying it's in universe.
you can use vnc to connect to your ubuntu machine
you can also just copy the script to a directory in your homedir
you can set the permissions on the root partition
i'm trying to install python2. 0. 4 from the repos.
you can upgrade to 8. 10 if you want to upgrade to 9. 04
i'm not sure if it's a hardware problem
you can install ubuntu on a laptop and run ubuntu on it
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` recovery mode''
you can use the tab key for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
you can do it with ` ` sudo shutdown - h now''
you need to install the nvidia - glx - new package
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure how to help you.
you can use a camera to open it
ok, thanks. i'll try that.
ok, so you are using 192. 168. 1. 1?
i'm not sure how to do that, but i'm not sure how to do it
you can use the command line to do it
i'm not sure if it's a bug or not
i'm not sure, i'm not sure, but i'm not sure
i'm not sure what the problem is, i'm not sure how to do it
you can remove apache2 and install apache2
you can also use sudo to edit the filepath file
you can also use a different config in the filepath file to set the resolution in the config file.
i'd say 32bit is more than enough
you can set it to auto - detect the panel and add the applet to the panel
i'm not sure what you mean
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` no''
i think the 686 kernel is the same
i'm trying to install a new version of ubuntu
i'm not sure if it's a server or a server or a client
i'm not sure, i've never used it myself
you can also remove compiz - - replace and then reboot
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` sudo mount - a''
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` i'', but i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` i''
i'm not sure what you mean, i'm just trying to figure out how to change the default theme
i'm using virtualbox, i'm using virtualbox, and i'm using virtualbox
i'm not sure what you mean by cups, but i don't know what the printer is
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` hostname''
i have the universe repository enabled, but i can not find it
you can use the one that is using the ubuntu repo
i have a mouse that doesn't work on my laptop
i'm going to try to reboot and see if it works. thanks for the help.
i'm not sure, i'm not sure, but i'm not sure
medibuntu is a repository of packages that can not be included into the ubuntu distribution for legal reasons - see url
you can get the latest version from the repos.
i'm not sure if it's a bug, but i'd like to know if it's not in the archive
ok, so you're trying to run it from a terminal?
you'll have to install the codecs for that..
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to do it
you can use ` ` ssh - x userhost'' to see the hostname
i don't know, i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` desktop effects''
i'll give it a shot.
you can use gparted to resize the partitions
you can use the kde desktop environment to install kde
i'm not sure, i've never used it before
no, you need to be root to write to the file
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to fix it
i'm not sure, i'm not sure what you mean
you can use a usb2 device to mount it.. but i don't know.. i don't know..
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to install them
i'm not sure what you mean.
i did that, but it didn't work
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` nvidia''
ok, so you have the cdrom in your sources. list?
you need to use the module to load the module
you can send your email to your email
i'm trying to install xmms2 - dev, but i'm not sure how to do that
i don't know, i'm afraid
you can also try to mount it with sudo mount - t vfat filepath filepath
you'll need to install the. deb file first.. then you'll have to compile it yourself
i'm not sure if it's a bug or something, but i'm not sure how it works
you're welcome, but keep in mind i'm just a bot emoji
i'll try that. thanks.
you can use grub - install to fix the mbr
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` gnome''
i'm not sure, i'm not sure if it's in the repos.
i'm not sure, i've never used it myself
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` power management'', but i'm not sure if that's the case.
i'm not sure, i've never used it
you can try the alternate cd, but i don't know how to fix it
ok, i'll try that.
what are you trying to install?
you can use the gnome - session - session - session - - login screen session
i'm not sure, i'm just a bit confused
i'm not sure if it's a bug, but i'm not sure if it's in universe or multiverse
you can use ` ` ps aux grep g'' to see the output
i'm trying to connect to my internet.
you can use the command ` ` lspci'' to see what it is
i'm not sure what you mean
you can add a user to the admin group
you can use ` ` swapon - s'' to see the swap partition.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` i''
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure if you can get the right driver for your card
you can delete the files in filepath
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that it's a bug
you can use the pastebin to paste the output of : sudo apt - get update sudo apt - get upgrade
i'm not sure what it is, i'm trying to figure out how to do it
i'm not sure, i'm not sure how to help you.
i'm not sure, i've never had to do that.
you can also make a. deb file with sudo
you can try to install it manually, but it will work
you can install grub to the mbr of the mbr and add the bootloader to the mbr of the mbr of the mbr
you can mount it with ` ` mount''
you're welcome. i'm not sure how to fix that.
you can set a password for root
you can use the package manager to install the latest version
i'm not sure what you are doing is the best way to do it
i have the same problem, but i haven't tried it myself
i'm not sure, i'm not sure if it's a bug or not, but i'm not sure
i'm trying to get my dvd player to work
what is the output of : sudo dpkg - reconfigure xserver - xorg
you can edit the sources. list file and add the line that says ` ` deb url dapper main''
i'm trying to burn an iso to a dvd, and it's not a dvd
i'm not sure if it's a problem with the filepath
i'm trying to install a linux kernel
you can get a linux kernel from the repos
i have no idea, i'm just trying to help you
you can use the tab key for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
ok, so you're trying to install it?
i'd recommend upgrading to dapper if you want to upgrade to dapper
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure.
i'm not sure what you mean?
i'm not sure if it's a bug or not.
i did that and it said it was a filepath
you should be able to remove the firefox plugin.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` no''
you need to install the latest version of the software from the repos
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure if it's a bug or not, but i'd say
i'm not sure if it's a bug, but i'd rather not make it a symlink to the new one
thanks for the help. i'll try to figure it out.
i don't know, i'm just saying that it isn't free as in the repos
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` how to install kubuntu''
i don't think that's the point of the fact that it's not a problem
you can use the command line tool to unrar the file
i'm not sure, i've never had any problems with it
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` error''?
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure if it's a hardware problem.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` mount''
you can also run it with a text editor
i'm not sure how to do that.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` gnome''
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure how you're talking about vmware.
i did that but it still doesn't work
i have a problem with compiz, but i cant help much,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
you can use the web interface to connect to your web server
you can get the latest drivers from ati
you can use the tab key to autocomplete nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
you need to enable the firestarter service
you can add the line to the bottom of the page
i'm not sure if wireless works with wireless
i don't know, i just don't know what it is.
i'd say it's a good idea to use firefox
i'm using the ati driver.
you can use the live cd to install the os on the drive..
you're welcome. i'm just a bit of a bot.
i'm not sure what the problem is, i'm trying to figure out how to do it
you can use the partitioner to format the partitions
i'm going to try to get a new card to work.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` nvidia'' is not ` ` nvidia''
i think it is in the file, but it is not in the path
i'm not sure if it's a hardware problem.
i'm trying to log in to my local machine
dd will do it, but it's not a good idea.
i'm trying to mount it, but i'm not sure how to mount it.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` i''
you can use the command ` ` sudo modprobe snd - hda - intel'' to get the device mounted
i didn't know that, but i didn't know that it was a problem with grub
i'll try that. thanks.
you can install it from the repos
you can try to install kde4 - devel and see if that works
i have a linux kernel and i have a 2. 6. 24 kernel
i'm not sure if the module is loaded, but i'm not sure how to do it
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` raid0''
i'm not sure what you mean
i'm not sure if it's a file.
i'm not sure what the problem is, i'm trying to figure out how to do it
you can use the pastebin to paste the output of the command : sudo fdisk - l
you can add the applet to the panel
you can use debian packages to install packages from source
ok, so you're trying to boot into windows?
i'm not sure, i just want to use kde
i did that, but it still says it can't find the file
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` no such file or directory''
you can use the command lspci to find out what the device is, and then lspci will tell you what it is
you're welcome. i'm just a bit of a fan of it.
i am not sure what you are doing, but i am not sure how to help you
you can install a server on a server
you can run x11vnc on the remote machine, but that's not the problem
i did that and it said it was a bad thing
you can try ` ` sudo apt - get install compizconfig - settings - manager''
i'm trying to ping the ip address from the router.
i'm not sure, i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` no cdrom''
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that the problem is that the vmware - server isn't working on the server
you need to be root to change the permissions of the folder
i'm not sure if i can get it to work on my laptop
you can delete the files in the folder and remove them
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure if it's a flash player or a flash player.
i use vim, but i like it better
ok, now, go to system - administration - users and groups
i'm using ff3, but it's not that bad
i'm not sure, i'm not sure.
i have a broadcom card and i have a broadcom chipset
i dont know what you mean by ` ` gnome panel''
i'm not sure if it's a bug or not, but i'm not sure how you're doing it.
ok, so you're trying to boot from a live cd?
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to do it
you can mount it with sudo mount - t ntfs filepath filepath
i have a webcam that can do it.. but i dont know how to do it..
i'm trying to install it on a usb stick
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` vim''
i'm not sure how to configure it, but i'm not sure how to do it
if you run : sudo ifconfig eth0 up
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that it's a good idea to use it
you can try sudo apt - get update sudo apt - get upgrade
you can get a 64bit flash plugin for 64bit
i'm not sure what you mean.
i'm not sure if it's a partition, but i'm not sure how it's mounted.
you can run it in wine, but it's not a problem
you can use tab for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
i'm trying to get a dvd iso to burn it to a dvd
you can use sudo to edit the filepath file
i'm not sure if it's a bug, but i'm not sure if it's a bug or not.
you need to install the build - essential package
i'm trying to find out what the problem is, i'll try to find out what i need
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure how you're looking for it.
i'm not sure if it's a bug, but i'd like to be sure
did you burn the iso to a cd?
you can use the file manager to format it.
i'm trying to figure out how to do it in the terminal
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` i''
i'm trying to build a gcc version of gcc - 3. 4. 4
i would say that if you are a newbie and not a distro
i'm not sure if it's a bug, but i'm not sure if it's a bug or not.
i'm not sure if the build - dep is in the archive, but i'm not sure if it's in the archive
i have the build - essential package installed, i just need to install the build - essential
he's trying to connect to a network with his network
i'm not sure, i'm not sure what you're talking about
you have to enable the universe repository
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` cd''
i don't know, i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` ubuntu''
i'm not sure what you are saying, i'm not sure what you are saying.
you can also use ` ` screen'' to get a list of different commands
i'm not sure, i'm just a bit of a fan of it
you can use dd to copy files over the drive
i would try to remove compiz and restart compiz
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to do it
i'm not sure, but i've never had any problems with it
i did that, but it still doesn't work
i'm trying to install the nvidia driver
you can use sudo to edit the file
it's not a firefox issue, it's a firefox bug
i'm not sure if it's a good idea to reinstall
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` kdesu kdesu kate''
please watch your language and topic to help keep this channel family friendly.
the linux community is a bit more complex.
i'll try that. thanks.
i'm not sure, i'm just saying it's not a kde app
kernels are built in, but they are not the same
you can use tab for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
i'm not sure if it's a hardware problem, but i'm not sure how it's supposed to be
you can install the java plugin from the repos
i'm not sure, i've never had to do that before
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` remote desktop''
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that they're not going to be the same
you can use a web browser to connect to a web server
you can make a partition on the disk, and make it a partition on the disk
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure how you're talking about
you need to be sure that you have swap on the disk.
you can install the build - essential package and build it yourself
please don't flood, use url to paste, don't use enter as punctuation.
you can use the cpu frequency applet to see the cpu
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure how you would do it
you can get a deb from the repo
i'm not sure, i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` default''
i'm not sure, i've never used 64bit
you can use synaptic to install packages from the repositories
type this command : sudo apt - get install - f
you can remove the old one by hand
if you have a router you can use a router to forward the traffic to the router
you need to install the linux - headers - ( uname - r )
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to make a script to run the program, but i'm not sure how to do it
you can remove the entire disk if you want
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure how to do it.
i'm not sure if it's a debian package or something
you can try to find a way to get help on this channel
you can install the alternate cd and use the alternate cd
ok, so you are not using the correct package manager?
you can also use ` ` x - chat'' to set the default browser to default
i'm not sure, i'm just saying you're not going to be able to get it to work
i'm not sure, i'm not sure.
you can set it to ` ` shutdown''
you can use your tab key for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
i'm not sure if it's a bug, but i'd rather not recommend it
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to help him
you can use the tab key for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
i'm trying to get the right codec to work
you can change the permissions of the folders in the folder you want to change
i know, but i dont know how to help
you can mount it with sudo mount - t vfat filepath filepath
what kind of laptop do you have?
you can upgrade from the live cd to the installer
you can upgrade to the latest version.
i am trying to install ubuntu on a usb stick
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` the language''
you can use the installer to resize the partition, but you can resize it to the installer
you need to install the java plugin
i'm not sure, i'm not sure if you're using the kernel, but i'd try to find a solution
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure if it's a huge difference between the two and the rest of the world.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` no''
you can unzip it and unzip it
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure if it's a qt editor
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to make a partition for ubuntu
it's not in the repos, it's in the repos
you can use tab for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
please don't flood, use url to paste, don't use enter as punctuation.
you can use the tab key to autocomplete the filenames, but you can use the tab key to complete the name
what does ` ` ifconfig - a'' say?
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure how to do it in ubuntu
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` run a program''
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` mouse''
you can use the tab key for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
you can also use apt - get to install packages
i'll be back in a bit.
i'm not sure what the problem is, i'm trying to figure out how to do it
you can add it to the end of the line
i'll try that, thanks
please don't flood, use url to paste, don't use enter as punctuation.
if you want to change the permissions of the folder you want to change, you can change the permissions of the folders
you can use synaptic to install it
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` the icon theme''
i'm trying to get my monitor to work
i'd recommend a clean install of ubuntu, but i'd recommend a reinstall
you can use the ppa for that ppa
you can use gedit to edit the text editor
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` i''
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that i'm not a fan of the card emoji
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure if you can get it to work
i'm using the nvidia driver. i'm using the nvidia driver.
i'm using 64 bit ubuntu
i'm not sure, i'm not sure what you are doing.
i'm not sure, i'll try that.
i'm not sure, i'm not sure.
i'm trying to install it on my computer
you can use the ip of the router to see if the network is connected to the internet
what kind of laptop do you have?
you can mount it with : sudo mount - t ntfs - 3g filepath filepath
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` i''
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` apt - get remove''
you can use ` ` dpkg - l grep firefox'' to see what it is
you can also use'sudo chown - r username : username '
you can use the space to save the files
i'm not sure if it's a hardware problem, it's a hardware issue.
i'm trying to open gksudo gedit filepath and then gedit.
you're not using ssh, right?
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` build - dep''
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` no''
you can use the partitioner to resize the ntfs partition
you can also kill the process and start it
you can use the xdmcp server to start x
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure how you're trying to install the nvidia drivers from the nvidia site.
i'm not sure what you mean, but i'm not sure how to do it in a terminal
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to install it
you can install the gstreamer plugin from the repos
i'm not sure if it's a gnome app, but it's a gnome app
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` fonts''
you can pastebin the output of ` ` ls - l filepath
i'm not sure what the problem is, i'm not sure how to mount it
openoffice is a good tool for openoffice. org
you're welcome. i'm not sure what you're talking about.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` i''
i'm using xfce, so i'm not sure how you're looking for it
then type ` ` filepath ubottu help''
you can try to run the command ` ` sudo apt - get install libqt3 - mt''
i'm not sure, i'm not sure how you're looking for it.
i'm not sure what you mean by cpu scaling.
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to get the kernel back to work
you can use your tab key for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
i'm not sure if this is a bug, but i'm not sure if it's a bug or not
please don't flood, use url to paste, don't use enter as punctuation.
you can use the package manager to install it
you need to use the webcam driver to get the driver to work
you can burn the iso to a cd and burn it to a cd, then burn it to a cd, then burn it.
i have to set the share in the vbox
you can use gparted to resize the partition
you can use sudo to run programs with superuser privileges ( ` ` root'' ). look at url for all information.
you can use the package manager to install it
i'd recommend a separate partition for filepath
i don't know, i'm just trying to help you
i'll try that. thanks
i dont know. ive never used it before.. but ive never had to use it before
i'm not sure, i've never had to use it
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that there's no reason to be a proxy
i'm not sure if the cpus are in the right place.
you can try to boot from a live cd and see if it works
you can use the'mplayer - vo xv'command to play them
ok, so you're using the wrong driver, right?
i'm not sure what you mean.
you can use tab for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
i am only a bot, please don't think i'm intelligent emoji
i'll give it a shot, thanks
you can see the files in the folder
no, it's not. grep - r grep - r grep - v grep - v grep - v grep'grep '
i would try to remove the old drivers from the repos.
i'm not sure, i've never used it before, but i'm not sure
i don't know, i'm just trying to find a way to do it
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` i''
you can add a line to the end of the line with ` ` user''
i'm not sure what the problem is, i'm trying to figure out how to make them work
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to install grub on the usb drive.
you can upgrade to 8. 04 if you want to upgrade to 8. 04
what version of ubuntu are you using?
you can use fsck to check the fsck file
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` the live cd''
you can install it from the repos
i'm trying to find a program for that
you can set the password for the username and password
i'm on a laptop now, i'm on a laptop
you can remove the old one by installing the old one
you can also use ` ` sudo apt - get install flashplugin - nonfree''
i wouldn't know if it would work with the usb stick
no, it's just a matter of opinion
you can set the permissions to allow the user to be owned by root
i'm not sure if there's a way to do it
you can try ` ` sudo update - grub''
i'm not sure, i'm not sure if it's possible to do it in the future.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` i''
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` all''
iwconfig is the command you are using
you're using the same router as your router?
i'm not sure if it's a hardware problem.
i don't know, i'm just a bit of a gamer
you can also put it in your path to the path of the path
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that i'm not sure how to do it.
samba is the way to cooperate with windows environments. links with more info : url and url - samba can be administered via the web with swat.
i have a few of them in the repos
i'm not sure what you mean
you can use the live cd to mount the drive.
i'm not sure what you're trying to do, but i'm not sure what you're trying to do.
you can use the usb mouse to connect to the usb
if you want to use a filepath file, you can use ` ` sudo ifconfig eth0 up''
you can download the alternate cd and install it from there.
i'm trying to get the wireless working, but i'm not sure what the problem is, i'm trying to get wireless working
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure if it's a good place to start
i'm trying to install a deb package
ok, so you have a problem with the mouse?
you can also use ` ` sudo mount - a'' to see if the files are mounted
i'm not sure, i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` fonts''
i'm not sure if it's a bug, but i'm not sure if it's a bug or bug report
you can try to mount it with ` ` sudo mount - a''
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` rm - rf''
i'm not sure if it's a good idea to install it on a windows machine
if you're not familiar with the program, you can do it with a program called ` ` tor''
you can use tar to install it
i'm not sure if that's the case.. i'm not sure.. i've never had to use it..
you need to install the nvidia - glx package
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` i''
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` screen''
you can change the default theme in gconf - editor
i think there's a way to do it
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` noapic''
firefox isn't in the repos, so it's not as stable as firefox
you need to install php5 - common to get php5 installed
you can use ` ` ssh - x'' to get the ssh server running
i'm not sure if it's a problem with the 9. 10 installer
you can run it with chmod x filename
you can use the ubuntu - restricted - extras package to install the codecs
i'm not sure if grub2 is installed by default
you can delete the trash folders in nautilus.
you can use the live cd to install the drivers for your video card
i'm trying to get sound working.
you need to install php5 - dev and php5 - dev
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to do it.
ok, so you are running the command ` ` sudo apt - get install linux - image - 2. 6. 15 - generic''
you can use the command ` ` filepath to find the file
i'm not sure if i have a 64bit cpu, i'd have to go with 32bit
i'm not sure, i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` usb''
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that it's not a hardware issue.
i'm not sure, i'm just saying you're not using the right package
wubi is a windows program that allows you to run windows programs on a linux system. see url for more information.
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to make a partition on my hard drive
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to do it
i'm not sure if it's a hardware issue, but i'm not sure how to fix it
i'm not sure, i've been using it for a while
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure how to do it
i'm not sure if it's a usb device, but i'm not sure if it's a usb device or not.
i'll try that, thanks
you can remove the cpu frequency and cpu frequency scaling.
i'm using the nvidia driver on my laptop, and i'm using nvidia
lfs is a linux driver which allows filepath access to ntfs partitions. installation instructions at url
please don't flood, use url to paste, don't use enter as punctuation.
ok, so you have a dmesg output?
you can use the - r option to set the permissions on the filepath
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that it's a gcc - 3. 4 kernel
i'm not sure, i'm not sure if it's a 64bit issue, but i'm not sure
you can use ssh to connect to the remote machine
please don't flood, use url to paste, don't use enter as punctuation.
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure how to do it.
i'm not sure if it's possible to fix the problem, but i'm not sure how to fix it
ok.. u need to be root to write to the drive..
what is the name of the file?
you can try to boot into the live cd and see if it works
i don't know, i'm just saying that it's not a problem with the kernel
ok, i'll try that, thanks
you can install it from the repos, or you can install it from the repos
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` printer''
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to do it.
i don't know, i don't know what to tell you
you can also run ` ` gksudo nvidia - settings''
i'm not a person. i'm just a bot.
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure if it's a hardware issue, but i'd check the forums for that
beryl is a window manager that takes advantage of an opengl accelerated x environment. see url - help in ubuntu - effects
i'm not sure how to do that, but i'm not sure how to do it
ok, now, try ` ` metacity - - replace''
you need to install grub to the mbr of the mbr of the drive and boot from it.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` no''
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` root''
you need to add the line that says ` ` ati'' in filepath
i'm not sure, i've never had to reinstall the drivers from the repos
what version of ubuntu are you using?
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` no''
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` i''
i'm not sure if it's a problem with the dns server
i have a broadcom card and i have a radeon 9600gt
ok, so you have the right driver installed?
you cant install it from the repos.
i'm not sure, i'm not sure what you're talking about
you can use tab for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
ok, now i get the same error
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` sudo apt - get install - f''
you can use the live cd to mount the drive
you can use tab for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
ok, so you'll need to install mysql - server
you can use tab for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
i'm not sure, i'm just a bit of a fan of it
i'm not sure if it's a bug, but i'm not sure if it's a bug or not.
you're on the kubuntu machine right?
i'm trying to get sound working on my laptop.
i'm using it on my laptop
i'm not sure if the problem is that it's a hardware problem.
you can pastebin the output of : sudo lshw - c network
i'm trying to get the error message
you can use vnc to connect to server
i'm not sure, i've never used it
you can try to unmount it, but it will automount it
you can use gimp to open it
i know, but i'm not sure what you are saying, i'm not a bot emoji
i'm not sure if you can get a dns server running on your machine
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` no''
you can use your tab key for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
i'm trying to burn an iso to a dvd
you can upgrade to 8. 04 if you want to upgrade to 9. 10
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` no''
i'm trying to figure out how to do it, but i'm not sure how to do it.
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that it's a bug.
i have a radeon 9600gt and i have to install the latest driver
you can use the terminal to open it
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to get it to work
you can use cron to run cron
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` windows''
you can also use the pastebin to give the url
you can also use the ubuntu - restricted - extras package to install the codecs.
please don't flood, use url to paste, don't use enter as punctuation.
you can set the permissions to be owned by root.
it's not a ` ` ubuntu'' version. it's a ` ` ubuntu'' version.
you can use the tab key for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
you can use the tab key for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
you need to use sudo to edit the file
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` ifconfig''
you can use'find'to find the output of the command you want to do
you can add it to the panel
i wouldn't recommend it, but i'm not sure about the osx stuff
i'm not sure, but i don't know what you're talking about.
ok, so you have a problem with the live cd?
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` keyboard shortcuts''
you can use the'xterm'key to find out what you want
i'm not sure if that's the case.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` no''.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` i''
it's not a bug, it's a bug
you can use your tab key for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
i did that, but it still doesn't work
ok, so you have a swap partition?
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` apt - get install update''
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` you cant install''
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that it's a desktop environment
i'm trying to install a package, but i'm not sure how to install it.
i have a sound card and a laptop with a new one
i'm not sure what you mean
you can upgrade to dapper if you want
you can chroot into the chroot environment and chroot into the chroot environment.
you'll need to restart apache after you've done it
ok, so you are using the wrong driver?
you can run a program as root, but it is not a problem
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to fix it
i'm not sure if it's possible to add the option to the ` ` add'' option in the ` ` add'' option
i don't know, i'm just trying to figure out how to do it
i know, but he's trying to get a cd
you can change the default user to the new user
i'm not sure, but i've never had any problems with 64bit
ok.. now you are in the directory where you are in the directory where you are in the directory
what does lspci say about your card?
i'm not sure if it's a bug, but i'm not sure if it's a bug or not
i'm using unity, so i'm not sure how it works
i'm not sure if it's a binary driver, but i'm not sure if it's a binary driver
if you want to upgrade to a stable release, you can upgrade to 8. 04 if you want to
i'm not sure what you are doing, but i'm not sure how you'd be doing it
you can install grub to the mbr of the partition, but it's not a partition, so you can install grub to the mbr
i'm trying to get my wireless working
i'm not sure, but i've never had any problems with it
you can try beryl - manager, if you want to beryl, you can try beryl
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to install java from the repos
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that it's a mouse.
you can get a windows xp cd and use the windows installer to access the windows partition
i'm trying to install mplayer, but i'm not sure how to install it
i'm not sure if it's a debian package, but i'm not sure if it's a debian package
i'm not sure if it's possible to run windows in a virtual machine, but i'm not sure how to help you
i'm trying to install libxml2 - dev and libqt3 - dev
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to get it to work
what version of ubuntu are you using?
it's a compiler, not a compiler
i'm not sure if it's a usb stick or not.
i'm not sure what you mean.
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure how to help you, but i'm not sure
i'm not sure, i'm just going to be a bit of a bit of a workaround.
it's not supported, but it's not supported here
you need to add the line that says ` ` deb url dapper main''
you can use your mail client to send mail
you can always just make a new user and then use the command ` ` sudo apt - get install gparted''
i'm trying to get the screen to work
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to install it on a new machine
you can install it from the repos, but it will work
i'm not sure how to do that. i'll try to figure it out.
i'll try that, thanks
i'm not sure if alsa is installed by default, but i'm not sure if that's the case
you can install windows on a virtual machine
i'm not sure, i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` it''
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` cache''
i don't know. i'm not sure.
i'm not sure if grub2 is installed but i'm not sure how to fix it
ok, so you have to boot into the live cd and run grub - install
i'm trying to figure out how to do it.
you need to mount the drive, then mount it.
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure how you're asking
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure how you would do it
you can add it to the panel, and add it to the panel
what ip are you trying to connect?
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to do it.
i'm not sure what you mean.
you can try to remove the old ones from the repos
you need to install the sun - java6 - jre package
you can play mp3s with mplayer, but that's not a problem
you can use smb to share files with the same filesystem
ok, so you're trying to send me a file to your filepath file?
sudo filepath stop then startx
what is the output of : lsb _ release - sc
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` the file''.
you can add it to the end of the line that says ` ` deb url edgy main restricted universe multiverse''
i'm not sure, i'll try to find a package for it
i'm not sure if it's a ppp or not
i'm not sure if it's a bug or not, but i'm not sure if it's a bug or not
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` search''
you're welcome. i'm not sure how you're doing it.
i'm not sure if it's a bug or not.
i'm not sure if it's a bug, but i'd rather not do it
i'm not sure how to do that, i'm just trying to figure out how to do it
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure how to do it
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` nomodeset''
i'll try that, thanks
i'm trying to figure out how to do it.
you can try to install the dvd, see if it works
i'm going to try to get a new one, and see if it works
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` how much memory''
i'm not sure if it's a wireless connection. i'm using a wireless connection.
i don't know, i'm just trying to figure out how to do it
i'm trying to change the permissions of the filepath directory
what is the name of the trash?
you can also try to add the user to the filepath file
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` i'', but i'm not sure.
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to get it to work
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` how do i install it''
for filepath video cards, see url
i am not sure what you mean by ` ` how do i change the permissions of the folder''
you can use the filepath folder to change the permissions
you can use wine to run windows programs on ubuntu
i'm not a fan of ubuntu, but i'm not a fan of it
you'll need to restart x.
you can use nmap to find the ip address of the printer
i'm not sure if ssh - x is running or not
i don't know of any other way to do it, but i don't know how to do it
i tried to install konqueror and it says it can't find the file
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` desktop''
you need to install the libgl1 - dev package
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` mount''
you can use esd to play sound in alsa
you can use the'lspci'command to find out what the card is.
i'm not sure if it's a bug in the repos.
i'm not sure, i'm just a bot, please don't think i'm intelligent emoji
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure how you're asking about it.
i have a windows xp partition on my laptop and i cant access it
you can edit the grub menu. lst file, and add the line that says ` ` default''
i'm not sure if that's the case, but i'm not sure if it's a hardware problem
you can use ssh to connect to the server
i have no idea what you are talking about
ok, now try : sudo apt - get update
you can install them from the repos
i'm not sure if it's a hardware issue, it's a hardware issue.
you can use apt - get to update to upgrade to a new version
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that it's a bug in the package manager.
i'm not sure, i'm not sure.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` top''
i'm not sure, i'm not sure what you're talking about
i'm not sure if i can find a solution for you.
you can use the update manager to upgrade to the next release
ok, so you have a grub boot menu. lst file?
i'm not sure about firefox, but i'm sure it's a bit more complex
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that it's a bug
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` screen resolution'', but i'm not sure if it's a problem.
you can use the live cd to install grub to the mbr of the hdd
i'll give it a shot, thanks
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` windows''
i have the restricted formats repo enabled
did you install the sun - java6 - jre from the repos?
you can also try ` ` sudo dpkg - reconfigure xserver - xorg''
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to install it
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to fix it
i'm trying to install java from the repos..
you'll need to upgrade to 10. 10 then to 10. 04
please don't flood, use url to paste, don't use enter as punctuation.
you can use the command line to search for packages with synaptic
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` screen''
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to delete files from the folder
i'm not sure, but it's not a good idea to do it
i'm not sure if it's a problem with the network manager
i'm not sure, i'm just saying you're not going to be able to help you
you can also do ` ` sudo apt - get update'', and then ` ` sudo apt - get install update''
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to do it
there are many, but you can use the tab key for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
i'm not sure what the permissions are, but i'm not sure how to change it
you can try to install firefox 3. 5 from the repos
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure how you're asking about rpms
i'm not sure if it's a bug, but i'm not sure if it's a bug or not
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure if it's a bug or not, it's a bug
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` date''
you can use the tab key for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` network manager''
i'm not sure, but i'm afraid i'm not a fan of the issue.
i'm not sure what you mean
i don't know what you mean by ` ` you can change the theme''
you can use tab for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
i'm not sure if it's a bug, but i'd rather not do it
you can remove all the packages you want, but you can remove them from the command line
i'm trying to install a program to install it, but i'm not sure how to install it
you can use the tab key for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
i'm not sure how to resize it, but i'm not sure how to do it.
you can resize the swap partition, and make it swap, and then resize it.
ok, so you have the same error message?
i'm trying to get it to work.
wireless documentation can be found at url
i'll try that, thanks
i'm using the nvidia driver from nvidia. com
ssh is the secure shell protocol. see url for usage. putty is a nice ssh client for windows ; it can be found at url
i'm not sure, i'm not sure if that's the case
i didn't say anything about the lines that say ` ` make''
i'm not sure, i'll try to find out if it's a new kernel
you can reinstall grub to the mbr of the mbr
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` no''
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` screen''
i'm not sure, i just want to make a backup of mysql
what is the name of the module?
what is the ip of your router?
you can use the'find'command to do it
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` how do i make it work''
i'm trying to get the printer working on my laptop.
you can try to remove it from the command line
i'll try to figure out how to get it to work
it's a good idea to learn how to use it
you can install the linux - image - 2. 6. 15 - generic package
you can use the terminal to find out what the output is
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` no''
i don't know, i'm just saying that it is a bug
you can log in as a login screen
you can use unity, but it's not a shell
it's a good idea to do it.
you can build it from source, but it's not a good idea
i'm trying to get a program to run on linux
you can kill it from the process of the process of it
i'm not sure, i'm just a bit of a fan of it
the ones from the repo aren't in the repos
i'm not sure how to do that, but i'm not sure how to do it
ok so you are using the right driver?
i'm going to try that now. thanks for your help.
you can try to move the icon to the left side of the left side of the screen and click on the icon
it's a command that's a command.
you need to find the raid array for the raid array, and then use the raid array to find the raid array
i'm trying to get the packages to work. i'm trying to install them now.
you can try xgl, but i'm not sure
you can try to use the command line to do it
you can use unetbootin to install ubuntu on a usb stick
what happens when you run ` ` sudo apache2ctl start''?
it's not a kernel, it's a kernel.
you can add it to your. bashrc
i'm going to try it out now.
i'll have a look at it later
what is the output of : lsb _ release - sc
i have a ppa for that, but i have to install the medibuntu repo
i'm using the latest version of the latest version of the latest version
ok now type : sudo apt - get install smbfs
i dont know how to do that
i'm not sure, i'm not sure how you're talking about the latest version of the latest version
i'm not sure how to kill it, i'll try it
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to do it
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to fix it
you can install the dvd from the dvd
you can use filepath to change the session
you can use the desktop effects tool to set it up
i'll give it a shot, thanks
i'm trying to get flash to work on my laptop
you can use the tab key for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
you can use sudo - i to get root access
i have a 2gb hdd and a 2gb hdd
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to do it
i'm not sure, i'm on feisty
you can use ext3 to ext3
you can get a decent list of freebsd packages, but i'm not sure if you're going to have to do it
you can use the search engine to find the icon
i did that, but i didn't know that
i'm not sure, i'm not sure.
i'm trying to compile a kernel for a few days, but i'm not sure how to do that
i tried to install it, but it doesn't work
i'm trying to get libxml2 - dev to work on my laptop
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` iwconfig''
you can use the'screen'application to do that.
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that i'm not a fan of it
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` raid''
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that it's not a bug, but it's not a bug
i'm not sure if it's a security fix.
i don't know, i'm not sure.
you can use the update - manager to upgrade to lts
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` kernel''
i'm not sure if it's a bug, but i'd rather not be able to reproduce it
i have a radeon 9600gt and i have a radeon 9600
i did that and it said it was a bad download
i did that, but it didn't work
i did that, but it didn't work
i'm not sure if it's a hardware problem, but i'm not sure if it's a hardware problem
you can try to run the command ` ` sudo apt - get install vmware''
i'm using the ati driver.. i'm using the ati driver..
i'm not sure if it's a hardware problem, i'll try to find out what the problem is
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to get it to work
i'll try to figure out how to fix it
you can add a path to the path variable in your path
i'm not sure, i've never used vlc
i'll give it a shot. thanks.
i'm not sure what you mean by '.. '
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` grub''.
you can use tab for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a lot of stuff in there.
i'm not sure if it's a hardware problem, but i'm not sure if it's a hardware problem
i'm not sure if it's a glibc issue, but i'm not sure if it's a glibc issue
i'm trying to figure out how to do that
i'm not sure if it's a bug, but i'm not sure if it's a bug or not.
i'm not sure if it's stable or not.
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to do it
you can try the alternate install cd, but it's not a live cd
you can install ubuntu on a hard drive, and then install ubuntu
i'll give it a shot. thanks.
you can install the build - essential package, and then install the build - essential package
i'll try that. thanks.
you can install the nvidia drivers from the repos, and then install the nvidia drivers
i don't know. i don't know.
i'm not sure, i'm just a bit confused
you can use the alternate installer to install the latest drivers
please don't flood, use url to paste, don't use enter as punctuation.
i'm going to try that now
you can use iptables to do that, but you can use iptables to do it
ok, now run : gksudo gedit filepath
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to fix it
i'm using it for my laptop, and i'm using it as a laptop
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` do you have a disc burner''?
you can install ubuntu on a separate partition, and then install ubuntu to the ubuntu partition, and then install ubuntu on it.
i'm not sure, but i'd rather not be able to help you
i tried that, but it didn't work.
beryl is a window manager that takes advantage of an opengl accelerated x environment. see url - help in ubuntu - effects
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to do it
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out why it's not working
you can use synaptic to install packages
what kind of monitor are you using?
you can install ubuntu - desktop if you want
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure how it works, but i'm not sure
you can boot to the hard drive, and then install grub to the mbr
you can try to find the package in the repos
you can remove the meta package, but it will remove the meta package
i'll try to install it again, thanks
i'm not sure if it's a broadcom chipset, but i'm not sure if it's supported by the kernel.
ok now type this ` ` sudo apt - get install emerald - themes''
ubuntu is the ubuntu support channel, ubuntu1 supports the development version of ubuntu and ubuntu - offtopic is for random chatter. welcome!
i have a usb stick that has been working fine for me
you can use the windows driver for your card
you can also just use the nvidia - settings tool to set the resolution in the xorg. conf file
you need to be root to run it
you can use fat32 for windows, but you can use fat32
i'm trying to install the driver for my usb stick
i'll try that. thanks.
i have a sound card, and i cant get sound to work
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to help you, but i'm not sure how to do it.
i'm not sure, i'm not sure if you can get the right driver for your card, but i'm not sure
i'm not sure, i'm not sure, but i'm not sure
you can use ` ` export path ='' to set the default fonts in filepath
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure if it's a debian package or something
you can use the package manager to install the packages you want
i'm not sure if the dhcp server is running on the network, but i'm not sure if it's a dhcp server
you can use gparted to resize the swap partition
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that i'm not a bot, please don't think i'm intelligent emoji
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` filepath
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to fix it
i'm not sure, i'm not sure.
i'm not sure, i'll just wait for a while to upgrade
i'm not sure if it's a good idea to do that
i'm not sure what you mean.
you can use the tab key for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` nautilus''
you can add the line to the end of the line that says ` ` deb url edgy main restricted''
you can delete the entire partitions and reinstall them
i'm not sure what you mean
i'd say that the ` ` best'' is a good thing to do
you can change the permissions of the folder
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` the way''
you need to add the line to filepath
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that it's a lot of people have had to do it before
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` screen''
you can add the multiverse repo to your sources. list
you can try ` ` top'' in a terminal
you can use the tab key for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
you can also install compizconfig - settings - manager and set it to beryl
what is the output of ` ` sudo fdisk - l''
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` i''
you can try to make a new one and see if it's muted
you can add a user to the admin group
i'm not sure if it's a bug, but i'd suggest asking in the bug report
you can use your own virus scanner
it isn't a linux distro, it is a linux distro
i have the restricted extras installed, but i don't know what to do with it
you can use iptables to do that, but that's not a good idea
i'm not sure what the problem is, i'm not sure how to find out what the problem is
i'm a bit of a noob, i'm just a bot emoji
you can change the username in the filepath file
i'm not sure, i've never used it before
you can use a virus's to scan the windows virus
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` you'', but i don't know how to do it.
i don't know, i'm not sure.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` they''
you can use your tab key for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
ok, so, you're using the wrong driver.
you can add the line ` ` modes'' to the end of the line
i don't know, i'm not sure, but i don't know
you can use'ps aux'to see the processes running
i'm not sure, i'm just a little confused as to what you're talking about
i'm trying to figure out how to fix it
try : ps - ef grep - i alsamixer
i'm not sure if it's a hardware problem, it's a hardware problem.
please don't flood, use url to paste, don't use enter as punctuation.
you can use the swap partition to see the swap partition
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to get it to work
you need to use sudo to edit the filepath file
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure how you're talking about xchat
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure how you would do it
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to install it
i'll give it a go, thanks
you can set a password for the password, but it's not a password
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure what you're saying is that it's just a file.
i'm not sure, i've been using it for a while
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to do that.
you can also use the'adduser'option to add the user to the admin group
you can also try : sudo lshw - c audio
i did it with the makefile.. but it says it is not installed
i'm trying to install ubuntu on a usb stick
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure how you're trying to install ubuntu on a live cd
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure.
you can use the file manager to open it.
i'm not sure if it's a good idea to install the drivers from the repos
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure.
i'm using the nvidia driver on my laptop
you can upgrade to hoary if you want
i'm not sure if it's a bug, but i'll be happy to look at it.
you can use the software sources to upgrade from the repositories
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure how you're going to do it.
i'm not sure, i've never used it
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to do it
no, you can just reinstall grub to remove the old kernels
you can use the alternate cd to install the kernel
i'm not sure, but i'm not sure if it's a hardware issue.
i'm trying to compile it, but i'm not sure how to install it
i'll try that, thanks
i'm not sure if it's a live cd or not. i'll try to find out if it's possible.
you can try the vesa driver.. that's the one you've got..
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to do it
you can get a new kernel from the ubuntu repos
you can set it to allow the iptables rules to allow the port to forward to the port
i'm not sure, i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` you can use the windows theme''
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` download from''?
you can use the tab key for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
i'm not sure, i'm just saying it's a little different
you can download the iso from url
you can set the timeout to the boot time, but it's not a problem
i'm not sure, i've never had to use 64bit
compiz is not installed by default, you can install compiz - fusion
i'm not sure how to get it to work
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` ubuntu''
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to do it
i'm not sure, i'm not sure what you're doing, but i'm not sure
you can install kde apps in kubuntu
i'm not sure if it's a bug, but i'm not sure if it's a bug or not.
you can use the tab key for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
i'm not sure how to do that, but i'm not sure how to do it
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that you're not a bot emoji
i'm not sure, i'll just wait for it to be out of date
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that it's a good idea to use it.
you can use nautilus to burn an iso to a cd, and then burn it to a cd
what are you trying to compile?
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` i cant find the device''
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to do it
you can remove the firewall and remove the firewall rules
you can use the live cd to install the drivers for your video card
you can use synaptic to install it
i have a 1. 5ghz laptop, and it works fine.
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to do it
you can install the gstreamer plugins package to install it.
you can see the list of installed packages in the package manager.
i don't know, i'm not sure if it's possible to do that.
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to do it
you can try reinstalling vlc and reinstalling vlc
you can use the command line tool to do it.
you can install the linux kernel on a linux system
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to do it
you can install it with apt - get, but it's not a good idea to install it
i don't know. i'm just saying that it's a permissions problem.
i'm trying to mount it with the mount command
