i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a way to do that
i don't know, i'm not sure. i've never used partition magic.
you can use the live cd to fix it
i'm not sure what you mean by mark for removal
you can create a partition for ubuntu, and then install vista on it.
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that it's not in the list
i'm not sure how to do that.
you can resize the vista partition, but you will have to defragment the vt
i'm not sure how to do that.
you can use the network - manager applet in xchat
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` udf''
what is the output of : lspci grep - i net
ok. so you're using lucid lucid?
okay, now, pastebin the output of : lsb _ release - sc
i'm trying to run a program with x forwarding, but it does not work
i'm not sure, i'm sure there is a way to do that, but i don't know how
i'm not downloading anything, i'm downloading the files from the kget server
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a way to do that
i'm not sure, i've never used it
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` fix''
i'm not sure how to do that
try ` ` sudo apt - get install fglrx - control''
i'm not sure, i've never used firefox
i'll do that, but i'm not sure how to do it in a loop
i'm not sure, but i'd say it's in filepath
please don't flood, use url to paste, do nix have a separate channel for this discussion.
you can remove the ubuntu and the ubuntu recovery mode
please don't flood, use url to paste, do ntfs - 3g or ntldr as punctuation.
i'm not sure, i'm using kaffeine on a laptop
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it will
you can use screen to keep a program running even after closing the terminal
i'm not sure if it's a bug or not
i'm not sure, but i'd imagine it's a bug in the bios
you can add them to your isp's network settings
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's a good idea
you can also use the command line to do that.
you can ping the linux box from windows xp
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a guide on the wiki
you can use sshfs to share files between the two machines
i'm not mixing three different things here ; i'm just trying to help you out.
i'm not sure if the intel drivers are available.. but i'm sure they are
i'm not sure, i'm using the default. pa config file
i think it did, but i'm not sure.
i want to install python packages manually
i'm not sure, but i think there is a script that does that
you can try booting xp from the mbr of the first drive in the system
i've got a dell inspiron 9400 with no problems.
i'm going to be using x, but i'm not sure how to enable the nvidia beta drivers
i'm not sure how to do that
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there are.
you need to check the permissions of the filesystem
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there's a lot of great games out there
you should be able to mount it
i don't know, i'm not a windows expert
i'm not sure if the livecd will touch your hard drives, but i'd imagine it will.
i'm not sure what to do with framebuffer settings.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it will
i'm not sure, but i think it's possible to install from scratch
i'm not sure how to do that, but i'm sure there is a way
i'm not sure, i'm using the nvidia driver from nvidia's site
i sent you the real thing,,, that's what i did
ok. now do : sudo apt - get update
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a way to do that
it keeps your settings, but it's not supposed to upgrade anything.
i'm not sure what you're talking about.
i think it was about 15 minutes before it stopped
i'm not sure, i'm using the live cd
you can install lts versions of ubuntu, but you will have to install a few extra packages to get them
what does ` ` sudo filepath restart'' do?
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that evolution is better for personal use
i'm not sure what to do next.
i'm trying to resize the partition i'm currently running from
what program is it launching? what happens when you try to launch thunderbird?
i don't know, i do nt use network manager
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a way to do it in terminal
you can see the'applications ','places'and the time and all those things
please don't flood, use url to paste, do n use enter as punctuation.
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that it's not a common problem
it's not like the other applet, it's like the notification area
i think there is a gdm problem but i can not reolve it
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a way to measure typing speed online
you can also put the whole path in quotes without escaping the spaces
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's possible
you can use a file browser to transfer files between the two
you can upgrade with the alternate cd, but you'll still have to downloaded so it won't save much bandwidth emoji
you can use the upstart command to configure the bootloader
i think you can install ubuntu from usb, but i don't know how
i'm not sure what you mean by reload
i'm not sure, but i'm sure you'll get some sleep
i'm not sure, but i'd say it's easy to learn
you can also use a live cd to do that
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there's a way to do it without x starting to run
you're welcome. i'm just trying to help you out.
ubuntu is better than bsd, bsd is better
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a way to do it
i'm not sure, but i'd say it's probably the best
you can use vnc on the same network
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` hangs''
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` cd''
i have a nvidia card, and i have a ati card
i think i found it. thanks for the help
you can also use the command line to start up a gui
i'm not sure, but i'm pretty sure it's intel.
you can try to get libdbus - glib installed from the repos
you want to install it in the unallocated space?
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` i'm a noob''
gmake is a symlink to make
i'm not sure, i've never used cli
please don't flood, use url to paste, do nix, do not use enter as punctuation.
ok. you'll need to add the repositories to your sources. list
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` deleted''
i'm not sure how to do that, sorry
please don't flood, use url to paste, do n use enter as punctuation.
i'm not sure if it's a bug, but i'm sure there's an answer
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to get my client to connect to the ident server
you can remove ubuntu - desktop and ubuntu desktop packages
i don't know, i'm not sure how to do it
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a package for it
you can start a seperate x session, but you wouldnt suggest it
you can disable them in the settings
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` live without ubuntu''
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` network''
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's a good idea.
you can mount it in filepath if you want
i'm not sure what you're talking about.
there is no live - cd that doesn't have the desktop
what does ` ` sudo lshw - c printer'' say?
i'm not sure what you mean by server install
i'm not sure, i'm sure there is
i think you can make a bootable usb with a persistant'save'file.
i have other stick here, but i dont have other one
i have a toshiba satellite m45, im going to put debian on it instead
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` not working''
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to install it
you could always ask for a copy to be sent via shipit, it might take a couple of weeks, but it'd save you downloading a copy
i'm not sure what to do with it, but i'm sure there's a way to fix it
i think bogofilter is a good idea
please don't flood, use url to paste, do nix, do not use enter as punctuation.
i'm not sure if jabber is installed by default.. but i'm sure it is.
you can also look in. trash and. tracash
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` stuck''
you can also use apt - cache search nvidia to search for packages with'nvidia'in the but not'nouveau '
i am trying with x11vnc but it does not work right
you need to enable iptables, then run iptable - l
you can use gksudo to edit the file
you can also check the boot options in grub
i'm not sure, i'm using hoary
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's possible.
i'm not sure, i'm using the same kernel as you
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` not really ubuntu''
you can set the password for the user you installed
you can also boot windows and fix grub by installing windows on the master boot record instead of ubuntu
i use my sidekick 3 to access my computer via terminal ( a program u download and buy )
i want to see what programs are listening on what ports
you can use the gnome shell to save the irc log
i'm not sure what to tell you
i'm on 11. 10, but i'm not sure if it's supported yet
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that it's not a good idea to use sudo
i'm not sure how to do that
it's a bug in the restricted driver
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that it's not a good idea to have a new version of ubuntu
you can also look at the ubuntu forums for more info
you can install it from the repos
i'm not sure, i'm just curious
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it will
i'm not sure, but i'd say yes.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a firewall by default
okay, so you're using the tomcat server, not the tomtcat server
i'm not sure, i'm using tarantella to connect to work machines from home after i upgraded, i get locale and translation table syntax errors
you're not supposed to do that.
i'm not sure what your's does
i think you can do that with the ubuntu cd
i'm running the latest nvidia drivers from nvidia. com
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there are others
i'm not sure, i've never used it.
i'm not sure, i'm just a bot
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it is
i'm not sure, i'm using a usb stick
i'm not sure, which bug that was, but i'll have a look on it too
i'm not sure what you mean by disabling the automatic dimming
i'm not sure, i'm afraid
ubuntu has gnome and kubuntu - desktop. you can install both and use kde
aptitude is gone, but it is still available
i'm not sure, but i've never had any problems with it.
you need to set up a wep key for your wireless card.
i'm not sure how to do that
you can use the ppa to get the pakage
i'm not sure if it's possible to get the printer working on a windows machine, but i'm sure there is a way
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there are some
i'm trying to install it now.
ok, now load the swf in a firefox window
i wouldent install envyng at all.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` open question''
you can use the ` ` lspci'' command to find out what the chip is
i don't know, i do nt think there is one
i'm using xgl on intel, but i'm not sure how to get it to work on intel
i'm trying to recover data from my lost partitions. i can't mount my vista partition : url
i'm not sure what to tell you
i'm not sure, i've never done it
i'm not sure, but i'd imagine it would be cheaper to get a new card
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's not a problem
i'm sorry, but i don't know what to tell you.
you can use more than 100 cpu, but that's not the problem
i think it is a good investment
i'm not sure, i'm on 10. 04
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` don't need configuration''
you can use the static ip to set it up
please don't flood, use url to paste, do n use enter as punctuation.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a way to change the timezone in the installer
you need to install imagemagick first.
i think there is a key combo to get to terminal nox
okay, now try'lsmod grep snd '
i'm not sure what you mean by processes
you can also use the ubuntu - bug package to obtain the source code for the library
i'm not sure what to do with the partition
i've set up incoming port forwarding on the router.
i'm not sure what you mean by normal user
i think you're talking about typing in the address bar, aboutemojilugin, just like you can modify the config by typing, about : config
i'm not sure what to do with that file
i'm not sure, but i've heard that there's a way to get rid of the old dos - like feeling
i don't know, i'm just a bot
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's possible.
you can change the name in evolution by editing filepath
i think you need to install the sun - java6 - jdk
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there was a package that did that
i tried that but it doesn't work
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` not found''
i don't know ivman, but i'm sure ivman is in the repos
i have tried that. but it doesnt work.
i'm not sure how to do that
i'm not sure what to do next.
i'm not sure what you mean by laggy
what happens when you try to enable them using gnome - appearance - properties?
i'm not sure, i've never used pidgin
what video card do you have?
i'm not sure how to do that, but i'm sure there is a way
you have to reboot into uubntu, then it proba yis
i'm not sure what to do next
i'm not sure what you mean by passwd.
i think you can use the command line to check the vga driver
ok, so you have a splashy splashy issue
you have to enable the restricted driver
i'm not sure, i'm using gnu
i think they have a deb for it
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` complete removal''
you can also try to remove the service from the boot menu
i'm not sure, but i'd guess it's a bug in the latest version
i think you're looking for the program tsclient, or for any file which mentions tsclient inside it e. g. a documentation file, or both
you can use the command line to find all fonts
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a way to do that
you can use the alternate cd to disable local delivery.
i dont know how to help you but i can help you
you're not running ubuntu, are you?
i'm not sure if the two problems are related. i too much about grub
you can install opera from opera. com and get it from getdeb. net
you can use cat5 to switch between the two
i'm not sure, but i'm pretty sure it's a bug in the dvd.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a way to install the sdk
it's a window manager that takes advantage of an opengl accelerated x environment.
you can try to remove the r85 plugin
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a bug
you can use aptitude to install it
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a way to do that
i'm not sure how to do that
i'm not sure how to do that.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` more dots per inch''.
you need to copy the file to a directory where you have write permissions
please don't flood ; use url to paste ; do nt use enter as punctuation.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` uninstalling''
you need to install audacious first, then install audacity
i'm not sure what to tell you
i tried to re - install it, but it still doesnt work
it's a new kernel, it's not a new version
what graphics card do you have?
i'm sure i will be able to do that
i'm not sure how to do that
i'm not sure, i've never seen that
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` not busy''
i think it's filepath but i'm not sure
i'm sorry, i don't know what you mean by ` ` i do not know''
you can run windows apps under wine
try installing mythtv - frontend and mythtv backen
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` edit menu. 1st''
if you have only formatted it, and done nothing else, try to use the'e2fsck'option with the number of a secondary superblock.
i'm not sure, i'm using the latest version
i'm not sure what that means.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there are some good guides on the winehq site
you can use the amd64 install for 64bit
you can use a webcam to record video
what kind of video card do you have?
you can use the printer manager to configure it
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's possible
i'm not sure what you mean by beryl
you need to install yahoo messenger, and then type dpkg - i filepath complete the filename
please don't flood, use url to paste, do ntfs - 3g or ntldr as punctuation.
there are docs for those too let me check those
you need to mount it with ntfs - 3g
i think. bash _ profile is run after you log in
i'm not sure what to tell you
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to run partition manager
you can also use the color chart in the system settings
i'm not sure if it's the same issue as the one in xorg. conf
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there are some problems with the kde4 packages
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` update - rc. d''
i'm not sure, i've never used apt
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there's a way to remove it without reinstalling
you need to create a directory to mount it.. so type : sudo mkdir filepath
i'm not sure, i've never used it
i'm not sure. i'm sure it's a problem with the architecture.
i'm not sure, i've never used virtualbox
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` xorg''
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's obsolete
i'm not sure what you mean by'network manager '
i'm not sure what you mean by paste
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it was case sensitive
you need to add the line ` ` index. php'' to your httpd. conf file
i'm not sure if it's possible to get it to work, but i'm sure it'll be fine
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a way to do it with samba
you can use qtparted to configure the partitions
you can install them from the repos
i had to do a few tweaks to get the system to boot properly.
i'm not sure what you mean by fuse - fs
i'm not sure, but i think you can encrypt the whole partition
i'll try that, thanks
i am not sure, but why not?
you can try to run a fsck on the drive and see if it's a bad drive
i'm not sure what to tell you
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there are some bash commands out there
i don't know, i'm just a bot
i'm not sure, but i'd guess it's all auto
i'm not sure, but i'm sure they will
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to get it to display the textarea
i'm not sure what you mean by boosters
i use vnc but i don't use logmein
i'm not sure what you mean by that.
it's intended behavior, but it's not intended.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` remeber''
i'm not sure, i've never set it
you can install sun - java5 - plugin from the repositories
i think it will, but i don't know for sure
i'm maintaining a bunch of computers over ssh
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` ban''
i think you need to add the password to the wpa2 config file
i'm not sure how to fix it
you need to install the compiz - fusion package
i'm using unity from terminal, but i get the same problem when i run unity from the terminal
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there's a bug somewhere
i'm not sure, but i'd imagine it's something like ` ` sudo chown - r user : group filepath
i'm not saying it is not realistic. i'm saying it's not realistic
you can use the command line to copy the conf file
you can check with ` ` lspci''
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that i don't need it because there are simple built - in tools that came with the recovery cd
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to get it to work
i'm not sure if it's in the repos yet
i'm not sure what you mean by verbose
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` failed to initialize''
i'm trying to install ubuntu on a usb stick
i'm not sure, i'm using dapper
i'm not sure what the problem is, but i'm sure it's a bug
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's correct
i'm not sure about the client, but i'd imagine it would be easier to setup a virtual machine on your own
i have a 6600gt, and i have a sb live card and use the tv only for movies..
i don't know, i'm not a kde user
you need to be on the system to access the shares
i'm trying to get the tactile theme to work with ubuntu.
you can run aoe2 on ubuntu, but you'll have to install the source
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` mac''
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's installed
you can also use apt - get to install kubuntu - desktop
i'm not sure if i have to go back into windows and ` ` enable'' it
you're using conky to start conky pls?
i'm not sure, i've never used yahoo.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a way to do it from the livecd
i'm not sure, but i'm sure you can find a solution
you can use the package manager tools to remove the cd rom repo listing.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a tar command that will do it
you need to install sysstat package
please don't flood ; use url to paste ; do nt use enter as punctuation.
i'm not sure, i've never used grub. cfg
you can also use the make command to make a. deb file
i'm not sure, but i'm sure they'll be happy with it
you can also use the beryl package to install the bizarro window decorator
you can install flash player from the repositories
i'm trying to replace the version from the repo with the one from the repository
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` not working''
you can use unetbootin to make a usb stick from the cdrom drive
i think you can do that in a custome x session.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's a bug
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there are some limitations
you can put it in your drive in the boot menu
i'm not sure, but i'm sure he's new to linux
you're connected to the internet, not the ethernet
i'm not sure how to do it, but i'm sure there is a way
you can use inotify to monitor file size
i am using ubuntu 10. 04 amd64 version, were do i type that, in the terminal.
you can install both at the same time, but you'll have to install them separately
i'm not sure what to do next
you can make a image of the raw cd, but it will be a bit slow
i'm not sure. i'm using a vpn.
i'm trying to get mplayer to start
i think it's a bit of a hackish idea
i'm on windows and not ubuntu
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` remove''
you can use a terminal to do that
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` ask a question''
i installed pulseaudio, but it doesn't seem to be working
i'm not sure, but i think it's a bit of a hack
i'm not sure if you're still here though..
i'm not sure if that's what you're looking for, but i'm sure it's there
virtualbox is a virtualization solution. it's not free.
you need to unmount the partition you are currently in.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` overwrites''
i think it means that the firmware for the device is not available in the ubuntu repositories
i don't know, i'm just trying to get it to work
i'm not talking about the actual support issue. i'm talking about compiling a. deb
i'm not sure, i'm on a wired connection
i'm not sure what model it is
i'd say yes, but i'm not sure about the performance of aptitude
i'm not sure if you understand what i mean by ` ` for i in ; do''
i think he is trying to install ubuntu on a windows partition
i'm not sure, but i've heard that there are some applications that can do that.
i'm not proposing to offer open display server holes, i'm proposing to provide a ` ` hole''
you can use the ethernet on both ends to use static addresses
you can run games in vmware, but you need to install the vmware - server package
i'm not sure, i'm using jaunty
i'm a ` ` he'' today, maybe a ` ` her'' next week
i am not sure if you can acces the log in screen remotely
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` pastebin''
i have no media in my driveready errors when no media is inserted
i'm not sure how to do that, but i'm sure there is a way
i'm gon na be like ` ` h4x t3h pl4n3t!!! 1'' when it's released.
i'm not sure, but i've heard that agp cards are supported
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's dead
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` screwed''
i'm not sure what you mean by unreadable, but i'm sure it's a bug
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's a good idea to do a fresh install.
i'm not sure, i'm sure there are some.
i'm not sure if you can help but i'm sure there is a thread on the ubuntuforums
i have tried both of them but i cant find the keyb layout
i'm not sure, i've never used frostwire
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to help
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` over the network''
i'm not sure what nautilus is.
i'm not sure if there is a way to fix it.. but i'm sure there is
i'm not sure, but i'd guess it's a bug in the xorg. conf file
you can install ubuntu on a usb and then install vista on the ubuntu partition
i'm not sure if that's what you're asking for
i'm not sure, i'm just a bot
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` dependency problems''
i'm not sure what you're talking about
i'm in philipene, but i'm not in philipsene
you can also use the'printme'command to generate a list of header files.
you can resize the win7 partition using gparted
you can encrypt your home folder, but you'd have to encrypt your filepath
i'm not sure what to tell you
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there's a way to fix it
i'm using gnome, but i'm not sure how to change the default
i'm not sure what to do with it.
it's not a graphics card issue, it's a kernel issue
you can upgrade to gnome 2. 24 if you want.
i have tried with automount and mounting manually but it keeps sayings its read only
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` wont show up in sudo fdisk - l''
you need to run the first 1
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a way to do it
i'm not sure, i've never used a live cd
i think you can run wine apps in ubuntu
you can run it as root, but it will not work
i'm not sure, but i'm sure tomcat6 - admin is installed by default
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a solution.
i'm not sure what you mean by restricted.
i'm not debating that, i'm just trying to help you out
what kind of snowflake are you using?
you can boot into recovery mode and mount your root fs when you go to install linux
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to make a swap partition
i'm not sure, i'm using feisty
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` updateb locate''
i'm not sure what that means
i'm not sure, i've never had a problem with ext3
aptitude can do that, but i don't know if it can do what you ask.
i have the sound driver installed. i just need to install the sound module
i think so, but i don't know how
i don't know, i'm not sure
i don't know how to do that
i'm using ktorrent under gnome. im not in kde.
i'm not sure what to check.
i think you're right.. i'm not sure how to do that
you can also use synaptic to search for java
i'm not sure what you mean by unique number
i'm not sure what you mean by reboot
you can also use : cp - r filepath home. gnome
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` not working''
i'm not sure what you mean by upgrade.
i'm not sure what you mean by counter strike, but i'm sure there are some
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` this happens while rythmbox is playing''
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's a bug
you can also use the users group to set the permissions on the mounted filesystem
i'm not sure how to do that
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` audio output''.
i'm not sure, i'm just a newbie
i'm not sure, but i'm sure kde components are installed by default.
python is more complicated than java, but it's a start
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a way to do it
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there's a way to get it working with nvidia
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` pop in and out all day''
i'm not sure if it's a bug or a bug, but i'm sure it'll be fixed in the next hour
you can also use tab completion to find out what the shell is doing
you can also use chmod to fix the permissions of your sudoers file
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` names''
i'm not sure what that means. i agree with lotus and nunya. sounds like a network connectivity problem, or sometimes, chatzilla
you can resize partitions, but you'll need to resize the partition first.
i'm using the latest kernel from the website
i'm not sure, i'm just a regular user
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's possible
medibuntu is a repository of packages that can not be included into the ubuntu distribution for legal reasons - see url
you can also do systemadministrationsoftware sources instead of editing the file.
you can also use the applet applet in gnome
i am not sure, but i think it is utf - 8
i'm looking for the package bzr - gui
i'm not sure how to do that, but i'm sure there is a way
i'm not sure, but i'd try it.
i don't know, i do nt have mpg123 installed
i'm using the rt2570, and it won't do anything. what is your part? i am trying to get to work dwl - g122 from d - link
i'm not sure what that means, but i'm sure it's something to do with pulseaudio
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's in the ubuntu - legal list
you can also change the filepath to filepath
you can use ctrl - alt - f1 to get to a terminal
i'm talking about a partition that is mounted on a partition somewhere
please don't flood, use url to paste, do ntfs - 3g or ntldr as punctuation.
i'm not sure, i'm sure there is a way to do that
i'm not playing, i'm just giving answers to people who want to help you
i'm using ktorrent on gnome, but i'm not sure how to use it on kde
i use opera, but i don't _ always _ use it
you're in konsole, right?
you can create a bootable usb from windows, but you need to be careful with your attitude.
try with ` ` sudo apt - get remove libsqlite3 - tcl'' without the characters
i'm not sure what you mean by cut scene
i think you need to check the cd drive for ap's
because you are using a 64bit processor, not because you are not using a 32bit processor
i'm not sure if it's possible to help you with that, but i'm sure you can help
you can use the alternate cd to backup your data
i'm not sure, but i'd imagine you could do that
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is.
what version of ubuntu are you using?
i think you can use the gnome cups tool to do that.
i'm not sure. i'm pretty sure it's a. deb.
i'm not sure where it is.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` password''
you can install opera nomrally, but you should read what users type to you
ok, so you have the k9n2diamond from msi, the ddr2800, the phenom x4 9850, two raptors in raid, two gtx280s sli
i'm not sure, but i'd bet it would
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` source''
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` launch that command from terminal''
i'm not sure, i'm using 10. 04
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a firewall
you can also look at the messages in the envelope icon
you can try to remove the failed packages and then try to reinstall them
i'm not sure, i'm using kde
i'm not sure, i'm using totem - xine
i'm not sure if it's possible to roll back if something breaks, but i'm sure it'll work
i'm not sure what the problem is, but i'm sure there's a solution
i'm not sure what to tell you
i'm not sure what you mean by lamp installation.
i'm not sure what you mean by graphical display
i think i found it.. i'll try to reboot and see if it works.. thanks
please don't flood ; use url to paste ; do nt use enter as punctuation.
you can try to remove emerald and compiz - settings - manager
did you already install wine from the ubuntu repository before trying to install the latest from winehq?
you can download the iso and burn it to a cd
i don't think it's rude to the 1233 other people in the channel
you're running xchat as root, right?
i'm not sure, i'm a bit lost
you can install avidemux like i have suggested
you can resize ntfs partitions, but you'll have to do it manually
i'm not sure if you can help with that, but i'm sure you can find a solution
you can try ctrl - alt - backspace to get a console login
i'm not sure, i've never played with it
i would use ext3, but you can use ext2 for large files
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` print 2''
you're trying to change the realtime for proc?
i'm not sure what that is.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` mismatched orig''.
you can also do a ` ` sudo fdisk - l'' to see what's in there
you don't want to run as root all the time
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` look like windows and os x''.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's in feisty
you're not going to get help with that
i'm not sure what to tell you
i'm not sure if you can help me with that, but i'm sure someone else can help you
i'm not sure if it's related to pulseaudio, but i'm sure it'd be fine.
you can use the nvidia driver to install the nv driver
i'm not sure, but i think you need to do it with the ramdisk way
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` support''
i'm not sure what you mean
i'm in tty1, and i'm not in ttty2.
ok, uncomment the line with - v and try scanimage - l again
i'm not sure if it's possible to disable it, but i'm sure there is a way
you can install them with apt - get or synaptic
you can use the command line to edit the xorg. conf file.
i'm not sure, but i'd guess you'd have to wait for the next glibc release.
you can use vbr to limit the bit rate
i'm not sure, i've never used oo
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` cliked remove''.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` video''
i'm not sure how to do that, but i'd imagine you could do it with a live cd
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's possible.
i'm not sure, but i've heard that some laptops are hot
i think he's just a bot emoji
i'm not sure, i'm pretty sure it's a bug
i'm not sure, i'm on a laptop
i have a freedos live usb drive.
i'm not sure, but i'd try it
i dont know, i dont use grub2
i'm not sure what you mean by gzip
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's a gnome theme
i'm not sure, i've never used conky
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that it's not a big blob
i'm not sure how to do that. i've never used nvidia - settings.
i am using my router as dns - server, and it is capturing dns traffic
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` log for today''
i wouldn't use as many partitions as possible, but you can make as many as you want
i'm using qt on a windows box
you can use the 64bit version if you want
you need to install libid3tag0 from the repositories
you need to configure nautilus to use it
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` plugins''
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` fullscreen''
please don't flood, use url to paste, do ntfs - 3g or ntldr as punctuation.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` hplip''
i don't know about ati radeon ones, but i'm sure they're in the repos
you need to run the command with the mv command
you can also check the md5sum of the image you burned with the live cd
i'm not sure what you mean by stable to development
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there's a way to do that
you need to install flashplugin - nonfree first, then flashpluginplugin - installer
you can use a terminal to run commands
you need to install grub - installer, and then grub _ installer
i'm using a very old computer
i think you need to create a file called filepath
you're not asking about windows product keys.
i'm not sure what you mean by reboot
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` jump''.
i think you need to change the usplash theme to be the default
you need to install flashplugin - nonfree, and then install flashplayer - non - free
i prefer fluxbox but i like xfce
i'm not sure what you mean by paste
you can use ext2 to write to ext2 partitions.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure you'll find someone here who knows your hardware
i'm not sure, i'm using the radeon driver
i am running a defrag, how fked would i be?
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` not clean''
i think you can upgrade to 8. 04 from 8. 10
i'm not sure if it's in main yet, but i'm sure it'll be in the next upload
you need to put the output of ` ` sudo lshw - c display'' on url
i'm not sure what to do about it
i'm not sure what the layout is
i'm not sure, i'm using a pcmcia card
you need to configure the router to allow the 2 devices to be on the same subnet.
what error are you getting when you try to install nvidia driver?
i'm not sure, i'm on a server right now
they're not very different. they're just different.
you can install xorg - driver - fglrx if you want to
i've tested it on all arches now
you can use gparted live cd to resize the ntfs partition
i use wpa too. network manager worked wonderfully
i'm not sure. i've never had any sound problems with 9. x.
please don't flood, use url to paste, do n use enter as punctuation.
i'm not sure how to do it in windows.
i'm not sure if it's a bug or not
i have a panel with 16 pixels and a panel that is 16 pixels
i'm not sure how to turn that off. vnc is changing the screen i think
you need to add the s and the exclamation marks
i'm not sure, but i think it's possible
i'm not sure what you mean by shared folder
i don't know about that, but i'm sure you can do that
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` status dislpay''
i'm not sure what you mean.
i am talking about speed up web browsing because he is new he probably cares not for v6 routing or standards.
please don't flood ; use url to paste ; do nt use enter as punctuation.
i'm not sure what you mean by copy, but i'm sure it's possible
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` act wierd''
i am not sure if they are going to be able to install anything on their machine, but i am sure they will be able
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` user password''
please watch your language and topic to help keep this channel family friendly.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there are some good guides on the web
i'm not sure, i'm using hoary
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a way to do that
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` open source''.
because you're going to be using a lot of memory on 64bit.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` search''
i have a linksys too, but with problems
i'm not sure, but i think it's in the menu
i am only a bot, please don't think i'm intelligent emoji
i'm not sure what you mean by elitist
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's a bug
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` compile''
i'm trying to install ubuntu 10 on a laptop
i'm not sure how to do that
i'm not sure, but i'd guess that's what you want.
i tried unetbootin, but it didn't create any bootable sticks.
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to find a solution
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` not safe''
ubuntu is a great distro for people who want to learn and use it.
i'm not sure what happened, but i'm sure i had problems after installing ubuntu.
i'm not sure, i've never used envy
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a way to get kubuntu to work with blue systems.
i'm not sure, i'm sure there is a way to disable evolution from startup
gentoo is a fork of ubuntu, ubuntu is a derivative of ubuntus.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's possible
i'm not sure if there is a channel for that, but i'll look into it.
i'm not a beginner, i just know how to use the cli
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a way to do it by hand
what is the output of : lsb _ release - sc
i'm not sure, but i've heard that chroot is a good idea
you need to enter the subsection for the depth you are using
can you see it in gparted?
you need to add the account to the manage group
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's documented
i'm not sure, i'm using xorg. conf
i think there is a tool for mounting regular iso images
i'm not sure, but i'd use fat32 on a 400gig partition
what are you trying to install?
i'm not sure, i've never used it
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` hold shift''
you can add that line to each of their. bashrc files
i'm not sure, i'm just a regular user
i am not sure what you mean by defrag.
i think you need to make a symbolic link between the two computers
you can uncomment all that, but you'll have to uncomment the ones you want
i think it's the same as - s
i'm not sure what you mean by ls - a
i'm not sure, i've never used octave
i'm not sure, i've never used tvtime
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` heirarchy''
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` root all the time''
you should use 64 - bit flash. the language on the download page sucks and needs changing.
i'm not sure what you mean with'command of a package '
i'd try to find out what the problem is, and if it's a common problem, i'd ask in postfix
you need to install the latest version of thunderbird
i'm not sure what to do with it
you can use apt - get to install things you want to install
i'm not sure, i'm using ndiswrapper
ok, so what was the exact name of that partition?
you can add opera to your adept list
you can remove them from automagic ro something
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` fixed my usb for me''
i'm not sure what to tell you
right click on the icon and choose the launcher you like
i think it has to be ntfs or filepath
i'm not sure. i've never used lxde.
i'm not sure, i'm afraid
i'm not familiar with windows, but i'm sure there are some tools that can do that.
i'm not sure, i'm using the main repo
i'm not sure what to do with that.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there's a bug somewhere
you can use sudo to get into recovery mode without a root password
i'm not sure what to do with that.
it's not really a problem, it's a problem with the kernel
i'm not a physicist, but i'm sure i've seen some good people with that kind of problem.
i'm not sure what you mean by arrows down
i got driver = : 0. 0. 1, but i dont see it
i'm not sure, i've never used software center
i'm not sure. i'm using dhcp.
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out where the source is
i'm not sure, but i think it's possible
what did you try to fix it?
i don't know, i'm not sure how to help you
i'm not sure what to do in the terminal
i'm not sure, but i think it's in the repositories
you can do that in gnome, but you'll have to reboot to get it to work
you need to install ndiswrapper - utils to get the module
i'm not sure, i'm using kde
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there are some good guides on the net
i used a compiler with wine to create a. cp file
i'm not sure what to do with that.
i don't know, where did you get it from, and why aren't there any install instructions
i'm not sure, i've never had a problem with it
i don't know, i'm not sure
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` official support''.
you should see a line that says ` ` host'', and then ` ` hostname''.
i'm sure there is one, but i'm not sure who maintains it
i'm not sure how to do that
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a way to do it
you can have a dozen installed, and choose which one you want to run from the log in screen
you can set a password for root, but if you are using sudo it uses the user's password
you can also use the command line to install the package.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` impressed''
i'm not sure how to do that
i'm not sure, but i'm sure someone else here might know
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a verison of ubuntu for the n810
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's possible
i'm not sure how to do that.
i'm not sure how to do that
you have to run the command from the source directory
i'm not sure. i'm sure you'll find a solution.
i'm not a fan of patching their code to work against 2. 6. 22
i'm not sure how to change the theme
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is
i'm not sure what you mean by careless people.
i'm not sure, i'm just curious
i'm not sure what you mean
you can use scp to block encription of the data
you can protect the data you have on the laptop, but it's not really a good idea to protect the application.
i am trying to connect to my router..
i'm not sure, i've never used it
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a way to hide the ports
i'm going to show you the logs for the install
i'm not sure what that means
sudo is a command to run programs with superuser privileges ( ` ` root'' ). look at url for all information.
you can drag a window from the desktop switcher applet in panel like that, but not from an actual desktop
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a way
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's a good idea.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a way to do that
i think port knocking is what you want
i think you can do that in a terminal
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's similar to what you were working on
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's a pulse issue
aptitude is the default, but it's not as good as aptitude
i'll mail it to you, but i'll be happy to mail it at you
you can also add it to the panel.
i have a link for 10. 04 netbook
i'm not sure, i've never had a problem with it
you need to add the path to your. bashrc file
i am using gparted but i don't understand how i can mount stuff with it
i think u need to add the export flag to the smb. conf file
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's reverse engineering
sudo is a command to run programs with superuser privileges ( ` ` root'' ). look at url for all information.
i think you can get a pic in the ctrl alt f1
you can use a windows cd to read the data on the second drive
i think it's in the ubuntu edition.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` make it look nicer''
i'm not sure what you mean by'hidden '
i'm not sure what you're trying to do
i think so, coz my hd has no pertition
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's possible
i think you can do that from the command line
i'm not sure, but i'd imagine it would be something like this : url
you could make a live usb and make a bootable iso.
make clean and make distclean will clean up the files that were installed with make install
you can rename the hdd to whatever you want
i'm not sure, i'm using kubuntu
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is.
you can check the cd integrity with the cd - rom checker
i have no idea, i just installed ubuntu on a other dd
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` a file''
you can try booting windows and running chkdsk filepath
i'm not sure what you mean by desktop menu
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` repo's''
you need to chown the directory to the owner of the directory
you need to boot into the mbr of the hd it is installed in and is that hd first in the bios
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` default irc''
you can also remove the unneeded symlinks. and then reinstall gdm.
i'm not sure, i'm using a different distro
what version of ubuntu are you running?
i'm not sure what you mean by manual
i'm not sure, but i'd guess it's a bug in brother's driver
you can also use the command line to check your keyboard settings
you need to type your computer name
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` kill''
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there's a way to do it.
you can use the shoutcast plugin to create a plugin for your shoutcast player.
you can use the tab key for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
i'm not sure what he's doing
i don't think extended is a good idea.
i'm not sure, i'm using a different client
i'm not sure, i'm using the beta now
i want to be able to resize the window at once.
i'm not sure what you mean by unity
i've tried that, but it doesn't work
you can change the font size in the fonts tab, but i don't know how to change it.
i'm not talking about extremely bad problems - - that is, not on my system in any case - - but problems are definitely still there
i think you need to install spellcheck
you can not write to the media directory itself, why do you think you want to write there?
i'm using putty on my windows box.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's possible
i didn't get it, but i'll look around in there
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to get my ubuntu pc to connect with windows xp px
you can also install compizconfig - settings - manager, and you'll get access to all the configuration options, i. e. to the cube feature.
i'm not sure what you mean by break it in half
i'm not sure what to tell you
i'm using a restricted driver, would that be causing a problem?
i'm not sure if you search for'nvidia ', but there are several packages involved
i don't know, i'm not sure
i'm not sure what to tell you
i'm not sure, i've never had a problem with it.
i think you're looking for a boot image
i think you need to install ndiswrapper first
you can also use fdisk to find out which device is the right one
i'm not sure, but i'm sure they have dvd install media
i'm not sure if it's possible to get the latest version from the testing team, but i'm sure it'll be fine
what happens when you try to open another window?
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there's a way to do it in the repositories
i've played quake 3 on my card, and quake 4 on my laptop.
i'm not sure about adobe, but i'm sure they'll be happy with html5
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` auto recieve ip''
i'm not sure what you mean by obnoxious scripts
i'm not sure, i've never done it
i've had a few issues with my bios, but i've never had to do anything special with it
i'm not sure than some. h. pc are the issue
i think skype is available for ubuntu users
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` noatime''
i'm not sure how to do that
i'm not sure, i'm just a newbie
i think you can do that with a few tweaks
i think you need to add the line to filepath
i'm not sure about that, but i'd imagine it would be a good idea to keep them seperate
su is disabled by default on ubuntu.
i'm going to stick with gnome for the time being
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` mail ('email ','test ', and'test')'' '
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` help with programming''
i don't know, i'm not sure.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` i want to continue using the web interface only''
i'm not sure what you mean by ugly
i'm not sure, i've never used mutt.
i'm not sure what you mean by ide
i think it's a bug, but i'm not sure
you can run windows drivers for most of your hardware.
you can set the debian - sys - maint password in mysql, then set it to match in filepath
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there's a way to do it with sudo - i
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it was built incorrectly.
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to help you
i'm not sure what you mean by a wiki, but i'm sure there is one
i don't have gstreamer - plugins installed. i'm using rythmbox
i'm not sure what you mean by obtain
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's in the repositories.
what happens when you try to boot?
i'm not sure what envy is.
i'm not sure, but i've heard that itunes can do ogg
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` home''
i'm not sure what the error 17 means
i'm not sure, i've never used it
you can create a new path with : sudo cp filepath filepath
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` the password auth''.
i'm not sure what super grub is
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` not ready''
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a way to find out
i'm not sure, i'm using gnome - panel
i think you can do that with ps - aux grep firefox
i'm new so you're going to have to hold my hand, how do i add that boot option?
what does ls - l filepath say?
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is
you need to ` ` sudo fdisk - l''
i'm not sure how to do that, but i'm sure you can do it
i'm not sure how to do that
apt - file is a command to run programs with superuser privileges ( ` ` root'' ). look at url for all information.
i'm not sure what that means, but i'm sure it's something because of the beta
i'm not sure what filepath is
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` install''
i'm not sure how to do that
i'm not sure, i've never used wlan - ubuntu
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` arch live cd''
i don't know, i'm not sure
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` bonne appetit''
i'm not sure, but i think it was changed in the last version
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` not showing up on the desktop''
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's possible
you can use the command line to change permissions
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` blacklist''
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there's a way to fix it
i'm trying to upgrade to 10. 10
i'm not sure what that means
i'm not sure how to do that.
i want to make a usb bootable msdos
i'm trying to install it now
i'm not sure, but i've heard of some skins for beep that aren't quite what i want
i think you can do that, but i don't know how
i use vim, but i prefer emacs
i want to disable glx not remove nviida
i'm not sure, i'm just guessing
i'm not sure what you're asking
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` detected''
you can chmod it to a linux fs
i'm not sure, but i'd imagine it would be a good idea to ask in ubuntu - server
i'm not sure how to do that.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` install a whole new distro''
you can try to use the dma mode in the bios
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a free version of ubuntu
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there are some plugins that can cause problems
i don't know, i do nt use it
i think faumachine can simulate bad cd burns
ok, so you're trying to create a directory in filepath?
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a way to do it
i'm not stupid, i'm just trying to help you
you should be able to run wine in a terminal.
you're really lost atm.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` sound chipset''
you can also use the'xsplash'command to change the filepath
you can install edgy from the cd, but you'll have to reinstall the kernel
i'd go for a laptop, but i'm not sure if it's worth the extra cost.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` not installed''.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` send email address''
you'll need to restart apache after doing that.
you can change the sources. list in your sources. lst file
i think you need to configure the port forwarding in the config file
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there's a way to do it
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a way to do that
i'm not sure, i'm sure there is a way to do that
you can make a swap partition, but you will have to make a lot of swap
i'm not sure, but i've heard that it's possible to get around it
you can also try to install it from console
you shouldn't need to use filepath
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` jump off the roof''
you can also try xubuntu, xubuntu or elivecd
i'm not sure what to do with it.
if you dont have some mac filtering on your wifi station do you?
you can create a shell application using. filepath
i'm not sure if you can help me out tomorrow, but i'm sure i can help you
i'm not sure what you mean by wireless network printer
i've had a lot of problems with dual monitors, but i've never had any problems with it
i'm sure you'll find it handy
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` fault''
i just selected install option from the initial menu
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's possible
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` what's the name of the card''
you can download the latest stable version from the ubuntu website
i'm not sure, i've never seen that before
you can also change the download - folder in the settings menu
i'm using the nvidia drivers. what is sorting by proc?
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's a driver issue
i'm using karmic, but i'm not sure if it's in the standard repos
i'm not sure, i'm using myspell - nl
you can also install the server edition, but it's a bit more complicated.
i'm not sure what chip it uses, but i'm sure it's a chip that's detected by the chip manager
i'm not sure what to do about that. i'm using kde 4. x
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's possible
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's easy.
i'm not sure how cmake works, but i'm sure it's possible.
i'm not sure how to do that, but i'm sure you can do it.
i think so, but i don't know.
ok, now type this : sudo apt - get install broadcom - wl - kernel - source
i'm not sure, i've never used it
you can add keys somewhere in adept i guess..
i'm not sure how to do that, but i'd try it.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a chm viewer for gtk
i'm glad you asked me about pidgin, because that last update got it working
i'm not sure, i'm using a live cd, and i've never seen a problem with it.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` tell people''
i'm not sure what that is. i'm trying to install a package.
you can change the default in filepath
i'm not suggesting that you should go wubi. i'm suggesting that it's better to just install the wubi iso
i've had to do that for years, but i've always had the same problem.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a way to do that
you can try to mount it manually with sudo mount - t ntfs filepath filepath
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` drive away''
i'm not sure how to do that, but i'm sure there is a way
what does the command lspci grep vga return?
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` play''
you need to install the libstdc - dev package
i think it was 8. 10, but i don't remember
i'm not sure what to tell you
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's in the repos
i am on a single drive and wish to expand my fs size.. i too deleted a windows part and used gparted to copy. i just can't seem to boot.
i'm not sure what number pad direction keys are, but i'm sure they are
you can use a firewall to protect your network
please don't flood, use url to paste, do ntfs - 3g or ntldr as punctuation.
you can use a livecd to do that
ok, then just do'apt - get update apt - get install bum'and it should work
you need to remove the directory first, or at least run sudo debuild clean in that dir
i'm not sure, i'm on a macbook pro
you can use pam _ tally. so to see the number of failed attempts
you can use sh to extract it
i'm not sure what to do now
i am not sure, i'm not sure if backtrack is based on ubuntu or not
you can also set the sticky bit, and set group id. so what you actually want for the dir i guess is drwxrwsr - t
i'm not sure what to tell you
i'm not sure what to do with it.
i'm not sure, i'm sure there is a way to fix it
you can install the server version, but it's not the same as the desktop version.
ok, now, do you have a recovery console?
you'll need to open a terminal ( applications - accessories - terminal ) and type in the full file path. filepath ( or whaever it's called ).
i see only the power management options, as usual. i'm guessing you see more options when you have a ups connected?
i'm not sure what you mean by dictionary
i want to poke the hostemojiort and user, password for that host.
you can set the encryption to be 10 characters, but you'll have to set the password to 10
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there's a way to do it
ubuntu is a bit more lightweight, xubuntu is more lightweight
i'm not sure if it's possible, but i'm sure it is possible
i'm not sure, i'm using a laptop with 256mb ram
i don't think so, but i'm not sure.
i'm using the find command to look for all files under a certain size.. that could be adapted to also find them of a certain sized size
i dont know, i enabled the restriced driver thing, and i dont know what else to do
you can see them in the ` ` places'' menu
i'm not sure if there is a ppa for it, but i'm sure there is.
what does it error with??
i'm not sure what to tell you
i'm not sure, i'm using a usb drive
i'm not sure, i'm using the same font on both machines
what does lspci tell about the card?
i'm not sure what to do next
i think you can install kde once you have ubuntu
you need to give me the ip address of your router
you can add acpi = off to the end of the file
i read the man pages they make no sense so don't tell me to man sudo
i think i got it working with the fss mangling
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's a generic kernel
you can install ubuntu as a whole, but you'll have to install a lot of stuff
i'm not sure what to do next
i'm not sure how to do that
you can also change the session type in the login window.
i think you can set them in system - prefs - keyboard shortcuts
i'm not sure how to do that
i dont think its a very friendly installer
i use frostwire, but i've never used it
i'm not sure, i'm afraid i don't know
i'm not sure what you mean. when you close the lid of your laptop, then open it again, the screensaver is locked?
i'm not sure what you mean by failing.
i tried that, but it didn't work
you can, but you'll have to do a reinstall.
you can also use the'sudo apt - get update'command to update your sources. list
i'd recommend sticking with 2. 4 for now, but i'm not sure if it's worth the hassle.
ok, i'll try that.
i tried adept, but it doesn't work
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's broken
i've heard that there is a way to check the filesystem on boot.
you can check your router's status page for that
i'm not sure, i've never used it. i'm sure there are some
i think you need to set the sdl _ video _ fullscreen _ head environment variable to 1
i'm not sure, but i'm sure i'll fix it.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a way to get ie working in linux
you can only have 4 primary partitions
you can use samba - server to benchmark the speed of shares
i'm not sure, but i've heard that bmp is better than mp3
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's possible.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's a pkgconfig file
you can use audacity to record audio
i don't know, i'm not sure. i've never used it.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's possible
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that rockbox is a good idea
i'm not sure what you mean by lock wm
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` lire''
i'm not sure, i'm using xfce4
i'm not sure if you can build them from source, but i'm sure you can
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's possible
i'm not sure, but i've heard that thunderbird is the best of breed
i'm not sure, i'm on kubuntu
i think you need to edit the xorg. conf file
you can also use - - level = 1 to set the raid level.
i'm not sure, i'm on a laptop
i have a bug report for that, but i don't know what the reason is
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there are some python driven projects around.
you can install 3. 3 from the main debian respository
i'm trying to install real player on a usb stick
please don't flood ; use url to paste ; do nt use enter as punctuation.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` fix anything''
i'm not sure how to change it. i'm using wicd.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's possible
i'm trying to convert a pdf to m. doc converter.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's possible.
you can set up a root account with sudo
i'm not sure, but i think it's possible
i'm not sure what you're talking about
i am not sure, but i think it is possible to do that
i'm not sure what to do about it
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to find out what the problem is
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there's a way to do that
you can also use ` ` sudo apt - get install packagename'' to install the package.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is.
i'm on a powerpc macbook pro
i think you can get a 256mb one for around 25 euros.
what is the exact error you are getting?
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a way to get it to boot on the intel macs.
i've had a lot of problems upgrading from 9. 10 to 10. 04
i don't know, i do nt think it's filepath
i'm not sure, but i think it's in the root menu.
i'm not sure, i've never used pcmanfm
i'm not sure how to get it down to two in debootstrap for tribe - 5
i'm not sure, i'm using kde
you need to configure the ap to use the correct ip address
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` easy to set up fds''
you can still install it manually, but you will lose your pictures
you can also set a password for root, but that's not really a good idea.
i'm not sure, i'm on intrepid
i think it's possible to set the number of available versions to whatever you want
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there are some tools that can do that
i don't understand what it wants me to do with fstab, mind helping me there?
i'm not sure, i'm just a bot emoji
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there's a way to get it to work.
i'm not sure what you mean by tunneling
i'm not sure, i'm on a school server
i have a lot of problems with ubuntu
what video chip do you use?
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is
i think you can do that, but i'm not sure.
i think it's a built in flash
you can remove ubuntu - base and then install ubuntu from scratch
try ctrlaltf1, then ctrl altf7 to switch to a console and back ; some grabs can do that
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it does
you're not using xserv internet, are you?
i'm not sure what to do now
i'm not sure what you mean by paste thing, but i've bookmarked the pastebin emoji
i don't have fs there, what about fs independend
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` not matter from console''
you can run virtualbox service on port 80?
i've never had any problems with it.
i tried that but it won't find application's directory
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there's a bug somewhere
you can use dig to dig your dns settings.
grub2 is the default ubuntu boot manager in karmic. for more information and troubleshooting on grub2 please refer to url
i'm not sure how to do that
i'll try that, thanks
i don't know, but i'm sure there is a way
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` the same''
i'm not sure, but i'd imagine you can do that in compiz using ccsm
i'm not sure, i've never had a kernel issue
i'm not sure, i'm using evolution right now
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's a bug
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it will work
you need to change the password of the user you are trying to login to
you can install the nvidia driver from the live cd
i have a usb card that works. url
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` in the family''
i think it's verbose, but i'm not sure
i'm not sure, but i'm sure i can find a bug report
ok now type this in a terminal : sudo nano filepath
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's possible
ok, so you are in the smbpasswd directory
i'm not sure what to do about it.
i don't know, i do nt think it does
you should be able to get it with sudo aptitude install vuze
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's possible
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's possible
i'm not sure how to do that
you need to install the apache2 - dev package
ok, can we go and do that? let me make that back up
i'll give it a try, thanks
i'm not sure how to help him with that
i'm not sure what you mean by bzip2.
i'm not sure, i've never used it
i'm not sure, i've never had a problem with nvidia cards
i'm not sure if it's possible to do full reinstall, but i'd imagine it would work
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is
i'm not sure if it's related to the server crash, but i'm sure it'll be fixed in the next release
i think you can use ` ` sudo dpkg - reconfigure xserver - xorg''
what kind of card do you have?
i'm not sure how to do that
i have xp, here is my situation clearly : url plz see that
you can try installing fluxbuntu and see if it works
i'm sure there are many good sites for that
i'm looking at the readme, but i don't see anything about the driver.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's possible
you can use tab for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
you need to set the mask on the files
i'm not sure, i'm using kde
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` do tasks''
you need to put the iso file in a folder on the desktop
you need to do the echo ` ` filename'' ; do echo ` ` file'' ; done filepath
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there are some.
i have tried with the pci setting but it doesn't work
i'm not sure what to do next
i'm not sure, i'm sure it could have caused it
i'm not sure, i'm using a vm
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that iwconfig is for wireless
i'm not sure what to do with that
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` filepath
i'm not sure, i'm sure there has to be away through wine or some other configuration configuration
i'm not sure.. i've never seen that.. i think it's a router issue..
i'm not sure what the permissions are, but i'm sure they're the same.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a demo for linux
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's a good idea to use the kde sources
i've never touched a machine that old
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there's a way to do it, but it's not easy
i have a wireless hotkey and wireless light work, and suspend to ram does not mess things up.
i think you can do it with the gui
you can change the splsh in the startup manager
you can also upgrade to edgy via the upgrade manager
i think there is a progress bar when copying files with commands from the bash
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` what is wrong''
i think u got problem with compiz
i'm not sure how to do that, but i'd try it
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` no package''
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` delete''
you can install expert install, and it will install all of them.
i'm connecting, but it keeps droping
what is the make and model of the system?
i'm not sure what to do next
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's a good idea
i'm not sure, but i'm sure i'll be able to do that
ok, so you're trying to install xulrunner - bin?
i'm not sure, i'm using the latest drivers from nvidia
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` defaults''
i'm not sure, i'm using xchat - gnome
i'm not sure what you mean by acceleration
i'm on dapper atm, i'm not sure what to do next
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` stopped working''
you'll need to install thunderbird first
i've tried that, but it doesn't work.
i'm not sure, i've never used vmware
i'm not sure if it's possible to get a dual head system with the ati card, but i'm sure it would work
you can also use tune2fs to set the uuid
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` basic''
i'm not sure, i've never tried it.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a way to check
you can also use gksudo gedit filepath
i'm not sure what happened, but i'm sure it was a hack
i am trying to install itbut i am not sure how to install
you need to mount the iso as root
you can get the alternate cd from the website
you can use sudo to do that
ok. i'll give it a try. thanks.
it's a bit of a hassle to learn, but it's worth it.
i don't know how to change themese
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there's a way to do it with apt - get
i think i found it, thanks
you can install the nvidia - glx - 180 package from the restricted drivers manager
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` correctly''
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's available
i'm not sure, i've never used wav
i don't know, i'm not sure
i'm not asking how to add a printer to windows. i'm asking how how to set up a printer in ubuntu.
i think you can use kopete to do that
you can try to edit it with xorg. conf
i'm not sure, i've never used it
i'm not sure, i've never used a laptop
ok, then you need to add your user to the vbox group
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` pull the plug''
you can also try ccsm if you want to change the desktop
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is
what does ` ` sudo mount - t ext3 filepath filepath mean?
please don't flood, use url to paste, do n use enter as punctuation.
lamp is a linux player, it's not in the repositories
i'm not sure, but i'd say it's a good idea to have both.
i'm not sure if you can get it to work, but i'm sure you can
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it will be
i know. i was just asking if you knew what i was talking about.
synaptic is a front end to apt - get
i'm not sure. i'm sure there is a way to do it.
you can also use synaptic to remove all packages you have installed
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` not yet 100 functional''
i'm not sure, but i think it's in filepath
you can also use the recovery mode to remove the old fsck. ext2
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` reinstall''
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it can do it
you can also use alsamixer to adjust the output of the command
i'm not a package manager, i'm a person who does things for a living.
it will close the application, but it will not close the session
you can add them to your sources. list
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a way to tell
i'm not sure, i'm using xchat
i'm not sure what wireless card you have, but i'm sure you can get it working
you can install ubuntu 10. 10 on a virtual machine, but you'll have to install virtualbox first.
i'd suggest you try to install ubuntu from scratch
i'm not sure if it's related to the type of partition table
thanks, i'll look into that.
i'm going to change my ftp username's group to have permissions on filepath
i'm not sure what the nas is configured for.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` combine power of csh''
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there's a way to change the background
i'll be happy to clear up a bit of stuff, too.
you can also use samba to scan your files
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` mangles unix''
i'd suggest installing the ftp client from the repos
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` customer service''
i'm not sure how to do that, but i'm sure there are some good guides online
i'm not sure how to do that, but i'd imagine it would be a lot easier to do it in a sane way
what's the output of ` ` file filepath
i don't know, i'm not a mysql expert
i'm not sure, i've never used a firewall
i'm trying to run a video in a blog window
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` doubt something''
i'm not sure, i've never seen that
i think it's in system - administration - settings
i am not sure when most people are in those channels
i'd recommend sticking with the current kernel.
i'm not sure what you mean by display set.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a way to do that.
you can only update to edgy if you have a edgy repo in your sources
you can also use the network manager to configure the network
you can use tab completion to autocomplete nicknames
you can resize partitions with gparted, but it's a bit risky.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` top''
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is.
i'm not sure what you mean by pasted, but i'm sure there is a way to do it
you need to unmount the device first
you can make a bootable usb stick with windows on it
i'm not sure what the problem is, but i'm sure there is a way to save changes on the memory stick
i'm not sure how to do that
i'm not sure, i'm pretty sure it's not there
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to get my email to work
i'm not sure what you mean by alternate install cd
i'm using the ose version, but i'm not sure if it's in the repos
i'm not sure what you mean by make
it means that the package is in filepath or filepath
i'm not sure, i'm using ext3
what is the output of : lsb _ release - sc
you can also try ` ` glxinfo grep - i vendor''
i'm not sure, i'm afraid i don't know how to help you
i am trying to reinstall qemu to retreive an original filepath file
i'm not sure, i'm on 64 bit
i'm not allowed to say crap without getting the ol '! language ubottu lecture
it's a new eee, not an old one.
i'm not sure, i'm using a gui
i'm not sure, but i'd imagine it would be the same
i have 11. 04 and windows 7 on my hdd already
i'm not sure how to do that
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there are some entries
i wouldn't, but you can install the 32 bit os on a 64 bit system
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` unable to mount the cd''
alright. now we need to do'sudo ndiswrapper - i a5agu. sys '
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a way to get it to work
i'm not sure, i'm using kde4 on a kde 4. 1. 2 8. 10 live
i'm not sure what the manufacturer is, but i'm sure they're not the same
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` replacement modules''
i'm using 4. 2. 2, but i'm not sure if it's available for 4. 3. 2
i imported the key from my local ftp repository.
you can also use the all _ generic _ ide command to make a backup of your current filepath
i'm not sure what you mean by experimenting.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` buy new card''
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is.
i'm not sure, but i'd guess it's not intentional
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there are others
i'm not sure what you mean by zaniness
i'm not a wow expert, but i'm sure others will.
please watch your language and topic to help keep this channel family - friendly, polite, and professional.
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to get the latest version of knetworkmanager
you can use the nice command to get a nice value
you should use the ubuntu provided drivers
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to make it work
i think you need to know what wireless card you have
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there's a way to do it
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there are others
you can also install the gimp - dev package
you can set it in filepath by editing filepath
i'm not sure what to look for in the conf file
you need to install gparted, it is a gui tool
i tried that but it didnt work
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there are packages to be installed
you can change the permissions in fstab also
i think you can install it from the repos
you can install it from the repos
i've tried disabling some of the vmware guest extensions like apic, but the information it is reading does not seem to be up to date with recent drive changes.
i'm not sure if it's a package, but i'm sure it'll be fixed.
i'm not sure, i'm using a raid on a raid controller
what does it look like? a brown background?
i dont know how to connect to it..
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` virus''
i'm not sure, but i'm sure canonical employees are.
you can get one sent to you for free but it takes abit longer.
you can also use the command ` ` sudo apt - get remove apache2''
i'm not sure what log file viewer is.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` not installed''
thanks, i'll look into it.
you're trying to install apache2 from source?
i'm not sure, but i'm sure you can do the regular install, but you'd have to do the server install.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` disk''
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` ftp files over every single time''
i'm not sure what you mean by dragging it from applications internet
ok. do you have the proprietary driver installed?
i think small linux is your best bet
i'm not sure, i'm just a bot
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's possible.
you can install guest additions, but you have to install the virtualbox - extras package first
i'm trying to find out what device it is
i'm not sure what you mean by block.
i'm not sure, i've never used it
i'm not sure, but i think it's the breezy badger
i'm not sure, but i think it depends on how much memory you have
delerium - thank you so much for your help!
okay, you need to : sudo apt - get remove nvidia - 177 - modaliases nvidia _ 71 - modalisases nou - 96 - modaliasases nv - 96
i'm not sure what you mean by add to pannel.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there's a way to do that.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a way to get backports working
i've never seen that before, but i've heard that it's a bit faster than a modern 3d game.
i think arch is a bit more complex than banto
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there are many
i'm glad you found it.
i'm not sure, but i'd say radeon is better
you can paste the output of ` ` sudo fdisk - l'' to pastebin
i have result from apt that i don not know how to correct can some one help? url
i think you can do that with the xorg. conf file
i'm not sure how to do that
i'm not sure what to say. i'm using the command ` ` tsalsa''
ok now its filepath filepath ext4 rw, user, auto 0 2
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a way to do it.
you need to install build - essential first, then make install
you can also use the tab key for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` shit''
i think he's using the java client
you should be able to boot from grub.
i think creative has a linux driver for that card.
i'm not sure, i'm on kubuntu
i'm not sure, but i think it's a kded service
i'm not sure, i've never used it
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` list''.
i ordered about 10 today, and got rid of 10 yesterday.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` convert''
you can install it from the repos
you can upgrade from lts to lts
i'm not sure what they are. i'm using the open source drivers.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's a bug
you can install it from source, but you'll have to compile manually
i'm not sure, i'm sure there is a way to get it to work
i'm not sure what you mean by sata drives.
i think they are going to do that
i'm not sure if vlc can play most of the stuff you want
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` patch''
i'm trying to install the mouse package
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to get it to work
i think i found it, thanks
i'm not sure, but i'd try to find a guide on the wiki
i'm using a 64 bit system, and i'm running 64 bit ubuntu on a 64bit system
i think you should stick with 32bit till you have a reason to use 64bit
what happens when you try to run it?
i have the same issue with my external boxes
you can set the permissions of the files to whatever you want
you can learn to hack america using linux
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to fix it
what is the name of the file?
i hate amd, i hate the open source driver
i'm not sure, i've never used visual effects
you can also use ` ` sudo rm - rf'' to remove the files you dont need
i'm not sure what you mean by server install
grub is the default ubuntu boot manager. lost grub after installing windows : url - making grub floppies other grub howtos : url
i love it, but i dont like the mac os x
you can add vista and xp pro to the grub menu
i'm not sure, i've never done it
i want to update kernel and recognize hd and install!!!
you can test the cd with a testdisk
i'm not sure, i've never used it
i'm not sure, i'm just a newbie
i'm not sure, i've never used it
you can ping google. com and google. org, but that is not a test
i'm not sure, i'm using hoary
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's a bug
i'm not sure where to put them
what does ` ` route - n'' list in the second column of the last row ( default gateway )?
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there's a way to do it
you're running x, not x?
you're welcome, but keep in mind that we're volunteers. we don't help you, we help people.
i'm not sure, i'm using a different user account
i'm not sure, i'm afraid i don't know how to fix it
you're not using a wifi connection?
you can also do it manually with synaptic
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there are patches for the kernel
you can install xp in ubuntu, but you will need to install the puel version
i'm not sure, i'm using openoffice
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` always running''
i'm not a motu, but i'm a kubuntu developer
i'm not sure what you're asking
i'm using cat5e, and it's 100mbps
i'm not sure what you mean by pissed off people from debian
i'm not sure. i'm a programmer.
i'm using dapper, but i'm not sure if it's up to date yet.
you can install the whole ubuntu - desktop package, but you'll have to install the meta package
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there are some good guides out there.
you're trying to boot from a livecd?
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's on the radar
i think you can do it with sudo
i'm talking about the gnome - panel, not the gnomes - panel
ok, so you're running cups, right?
i'm not sure. i'm pretty sure you can change the font size or dpi of the wep key.
i think you can do it with a ppa
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's possible
i think it was a text from cat.
you can also try to restore the old one, and learn your router
i think you need to add the options to the alsa - base. conf file
you need to double click in it then edit - preferences
you can always upgrade the kernel from one release to the next
i'm not sure what you mean by compression
you can use the command'ps auxwf grep cups'to show any spawned processes.
you can enable it in synaptic, but you need to enable the universe repository first
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` all filepath editing in vim''
i am not sure what to do now, i am using the ati driver from their server.
i'm not sure if it's a good idea to do that, but i'm sure it'll work
you need to add yourself to the admin group again
i'm not sure. i'm sure there's a way to do it from the command line.
support means that the next version will be supported for 18 months
i'm not sure if there is a way to do symmetric encryption with seahorse
i think you need to find out the sata controller
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's in the end
i'm not sure, i'm using kde, but i'll look into it
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` generic kernel''
i don't know, i'm not a x user
you can ssh into the system from the outside.
you need to fix your repository list. you've broken it.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there's a good tutorial on how to do that
i would check the forums for your exact tablet pc and see what others are using.
i'm not sure, i'm sure i've got it forwarded to the correct internal ip
you don't want to install lilo by source if you really want lilo
ok, i'm not sure what to tell you then.
i'm not sure what you mean by offtopic
i'm not sure, but i'm sure i'll be able to do it
i think you can install ubuntu on a usb stick
i'm not sure what spatial thing is, but i think it's a spatial thing
i'm not sure what to do with that
i think you can do that with dhcp
i'm not sure, i'm using the same version as you
i'm not sure what you mean by'owner '
i'm not sure, i'm using the official repos
i'm not sure, but i think azureus is in synaptic
i'm not sure, but i'd suggest you ask in ubuntu1
i'm not sure if that will help, but i'm sure it will
you need to change the headphone and surround elements
i'm not sure what to tell you.
i'm not sure. i'm using banshee.
i'm not sure, i've never used transmission
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` scrub rescue''
i'm not sure, but i think you can add the 500gb one
i'm not sure, i've never had a problem with compiz
i'm not sure how to do that.
i'm not sure if it's possible to do that, but i'm sure there are some good reasons for it.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` add printer''
please don't flood ; use url to paste ; do nt use enter as punctuation.
you can set it up with nvidia - settings, save, restart x
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there are some codecs that don't work with vlc
i'm not sure, i've never used a temperature sensor in a computer that has been cooled
i'm using xorg - driver - fglrx, and it works fine
you can click on it in the menu
you can also try booting from the cd and see if it will boot
you can also use the gnome - do docky package
i mean ` ` get'' rather than ` ` get get''
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there's a way to do it
i'm not sure what ppc is.
you can run itunes in wine, but it's not a good idea to run it in wine
i think you need to use the xorg drivers
i think you need to enable universe and multiverse
i'm not sure. i'm sure it is.
i'm not sure, i'm using the alsa mixer
i think it is in the kernel already
what error are you getting when you try to install nvidia driver?
i'm not sure what else to try
i don't know, i'm not sure.
i know, but i am not sure how to help you
you can also use the tab key for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a howto on it
you can boot xp cd, but you need to boot into xp first
i'm not sure what you mean by levelled up emoji
you can also try installing ubuntu on a different hd
i'm not sure what to do now
i think you can try removing all of them, but i'm not sure
i'm not sure what you mean by yellow card
i think you can use the udev package to change the default group
you can use dd to clone the partitions.. but i'd recommend using a live cd
ok - so ` ` sudo mount filepath filepath
i'm not sure, i'm using evolution
i have no issues sir. i am just asking before i start
because it's a good idea to have a bleeding edge version of ubuntu
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a way to fix it
i have a celeron and i want to install it
i think i can dd if = filepath of = filefilepath
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` wireless''
ok.. now lets try to see if it's the usb - connector in the computer, or the usb cord
what graphics card do you have?
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` set root password''.
i'm the guy from the grub problems! everything is fixed!! emoji
did you install the firmware - b43 - installer package?
i'm not sure if it's a concrete plan, but i'll look into it
i'm not sure what you mean by ` `''
sudo is a command to run programs with superuser privileges ( ` ` root'' ). look at url for all information.
i'm not sure, i've never used wubi
i'm not sure how to do that, but i'll try it
ok, so it sees it, but not the partition?
i want to create custom paper for wine
i think you need to install xset
i'm not sure,,, i'm a bash user
i'm not sure, i'm using ubuntu 7. 04
i'm not sure, i've never used ntfs
i'm not sure, but i'm sure he's been around for a while
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there are some docs on the ubuntux site
ok. you're on a new install?
i think you misread my question. i'm not sure.
what does ifconfig say? what does it say?
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's a good idea
ok, now do this : sudo apt - get update sudo aptitude install kubuntu - desktop
i'm not sure, i'm using a live cd
i know, but i'm not sure what to tell you.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` filepath
what kind of monitor do you have?
i'm not sure, i've never used it
ok. now go to system - admin - additional drivers
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a way to find out the model number of the card
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to remove the games package
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` make a right mess''
i think transmission is a bit more basic than transmission
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to help
i'm not sure, i'm using kde
ok then you need to edit the usplash. conf file
i'm not sure, i'm using kubuntu
you shouldn't install ubuntu 8. 04, it's the latest version
sudo is a command to run programs with superuser privileges ( ` ` root'' ). look at url for all information.
wine is a compatibility layer for running windows programs on filepath see url for more information.
i'm not sure, but i think it's possible
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's possible.
you can install ubuntu 10. 04 if you want to.
i'm not sure, i'm using the i810 driver
i don't know, i do nt think so
i'm not sure, i'm trying to install gcj
i'm using compiz, but i'm not sure how to fix it.
i'm not sure. i'm sure you can do that.
you can backup your entire system if u want
i'm not sure if shipit supports up to 10 weeks, but i'd imagine it would
you can also use gparted to resize partitions
what is the make and model of your laptop?
seb128 : i'll try to update the package now
you can use a crossover cable to connect to the other computer
what does ` ` file filepath say?
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` a bot''
i'm not sure if it's possible to build a new image from source, but i'm sure it'll work
i think it's in the repos
you can use a virtual console to run a graphical program
i'm not sure, i'm using xine
you can update it from the ubuntu - tweak repo
i'm not sure. i'm on a server.
i'm not sure, i'm just a bot
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` ubuntu - tweak''
what video card do you have?
i'm not sure what to do with it
i'm not sure, but i've never used it
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there's a way to get the drivers for the card
you can also use filepath to search for files in filepath
you can disable it on router, but i don't know how to do that on ubuntu.
it's a stable release, not a beta
you can remove grub2 from the mbr
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` sudo''
you can use kde to do that
i'm not sure what you mean by wow.
i'm not sure, i'm using xbindkeys - config
you'll be given a command line
i'm not sure, i've never used a filepath directory
you can use sudo to edit the x11 conf file
i want to remove kpdf and kpdf
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` error''
i'm not sure what to do with it
you can exploit weaknesses in popular programs and system services to run your own software in someone elses computer
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there's a bug somewhere
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's possible
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` server''
i'm not sure what the bug is
i think you can use the mouse keys in system preferences keyboard
i'm not sure, but i'd try banshee
you can also use the synaptic package manager to remove the cdrom from your sources. list
i think you need to enable the realtek device
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's been around for a while
i'm not sure, i've never tried it
i am able to stream an mp3 through firefox, but in any other program it fails.
i'm not sure, but it's a module - assistant script
you should be able to do that
i'm not disagreeing with the gui, i just don't like the gui
i'm not sure what tor is.
i'm not sure what to do with it
i'm not sponsoring, but i'm sure i'll get bugged
i'm not sure what you mean by scroll bar
i'm not sure, i've never used it.
i'm not sure, i'm using the config files from the ubuntu livecd
i am ubotu, all - knowing infobot. you can browse my brain at url - usage info : url
you can use sudo to run commands as root.
you can delete them with apt - get remove kdm
i guess you should change xubuntu - live seeds
you can also do ` ` chmod rwx'' on the command line
i'm not sure how to do that, but i'd look into it.
you can also use the chmod command to set modes
what does lspci say about your wifi interface?
i'm not sure what to say mate
i have a bunch of pictures i think i have to correct
i'm not sure, but i'm sure swfdec is in active development.
you can pipe output to less, but i don't know how to do that.
you'll see the grub menu, but it's not the menu
it's done by the maintainers, not the ubuntu maintainers
okay, do you see any lines that say intrepid?
i'm not sure how to do that
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` ping''
i think you need to do it in a root shell
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there's a bug report somewhere.
you need to use a program called xargs to do that
i'm not sure what you mean by xgl
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` dedicated servers''.
you can install grub to the mbr of any linux distro you like
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there's a way to get it working
i'm not sure, i'm using unity on a laptop
you can use samba to share files between the two computers
i think you can change the wallpaper it uses in the'xsplash'directory theres a unsupported called'epidermis'that can tweak it a little bit also
you need to enable the multiverse repo.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` user agent string''
i'm burning it on another machine, and it's corrupt.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` high end sound system''
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` check''
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` quit msg''
i'm running it in vmware as a virtualization.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's possible
i'd say so, but i'm not sure.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there are some
you need to set the permissions for the webcontent to be 0644
i don't know, i do nvidia's site has a ppa for the latest stable firefox
i'm not sure what you're talking about, but i'm sure you'll get some feedback
please watch your language and topic to help keep this channel family friendly.
i dont use kde apps, but i think gnomebaker is good
no, but you can use a shred command to overwrite the specified file ( s ) repeatedly
i'm not sure, i'm on a laptop
i'm trying to install it, but i'm not sure how to do that
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's a bug
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` not found''
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's possible
i'm not really an ftp - master, i'm just a mailing list guy
aptitude is more secure than aptitude, but it's not the same
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` u''
there are no viruses for linux, but there are some spyware programs for linux.
i don't think so. i'm not sure.
i'm not sure what to do with it.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` mount''
find. - name ` ` dcc'' - print0 xargs - 0 rm
i'm not sure, but i'd imagine it would be a good idea to install the minimal version
i think you're right, but i'm not sure
i'm not sure what expert installs, but it's a good start
i'm not sure what to do next
i'd imagine so, but i'm not sure how it's done.
i don't know, i do nt use su
i have checked that, and i can hear the beep, but when i turn it off, no sound
i'm not sure how to do that.
i think you can do that in the file manager
i'm not sure what to tell you
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` wait''
i think you need to install the mp3 codecs
- - you'll need to install the codecs
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` it's not running''
i tried that, but it didnt work
i'm not sure what the make command is
you can do that by editing the. bashrc file
you can set fstab to mount readonly, but it's risky if you don't know how to do it
you're not using 10. 10, you're using 10 beta
unity - - replace disown is a way to get unity to disown when you close the terminal
i'm not sure, i'm using a laptop
i'm not sure, but i'd imagine it would be possible.
you can change the file type in the file manager
i think it's a bug in the nvidia driver
i don't think so. i'm not sure if there is a free memory management software for linux though
i'm not sure, but i'd imagine it's possible to do it with nvidia - glx - new
i'm not angry, i'm just trying to get a nice window theme
i'm not sure what to do next
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` failsafe mode''
i think you can do that in gnome
i'm not sure, i've never had ipv6 problems
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` add''
i'm not sure, i've never had a problem with video.
okay. now try restarting x ( again ).
i'm not sure how to do that, but i'm sure there is a way.
what does filepath have to say?
you can upgrade from one release to the next
you can update to gutsy from feisty
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there are some.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's a driver issue
i have a dual monitor, i have a laptop and a desktop monitor
i'm not sure, i'm using k3b
you need to enable the wireless card in system - administration - hardware drivers
ok, so you're running the i915 driver?
you can install ubuntu - desktop, but you'll have to install the desktop and server packages
i'm not sure, i've never used it
gnome is a window manager, kde is a shell
i think you mean by packagesubuntu package in repository
you can use nmap to find out which package the source code belongs to.
i'm not sure what you mean by clean format
i'm not sure what to tell you
i'm not sure, i'm using lilo on a dual boot system
okay, i'll try that.
you can also use the ` ` start'' command to start upstart
i'm not sure how long it will take, but i'm sure it will be a while
i'm not sure, i'm afraid i don't know what to tell you.
you can use the usb stick instead of live cd
you're welcome. but keep in mind i'm just a bot emoji
i'm using unity and i'm not using font hinting and dpi from system settings
i think you need to mount it as root.
i think you can, but i don't know how
i'm not sure, i'm using filepath
i'm trying to get my tv to work with my vid card
i'm not sure what to do next
i use do do, but i don't know how to do it emoji
i'm not sure, i've never used flashplayer in dapper
i'm using unity with xmonad, but i'm not sure if it's true with unity
i'm not sure, i've never used it
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` easy''
i'm not sure if autoclean will help, but i'm sure it will.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` rip''
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` changing permissions''
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` install''
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to get it to work
you can use ctrlaltf1 to log in from the console
i'll try that. thanks.
i think there are some plugins for that.
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that i've never used a logical partition before
you're not going to get any help from me if you don't read the gpl license
i think you can use the mouse theme in system settings - mouse - keyboard - mouse
i'm not sure what to tell you.
i'm trying to get the window decorator to work.
you can use it to take over her mouse
ok, i'll try that. thanks.
what does ` ` cat filepath say?
i see the advanced options, but i dont know how to fix it
you can set the default behavior in applications, but it is not always the same
i don't know, i'm not sure.
i'm not sure, i've never used backtrack
i think you need to run dpkg - l to get the correct package name
you need to add the ath _ pci module to the module, but i'm not sure how to do that
i'm not sure if it's a bug or not
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there's a lot of people who use xchat
i'm not sure if you can do that, but i'd try it
what does'glxinfo grep opengl'give you?
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` test sessions''
i'm not sure, i'm sure it does
you need to add the path to filepath
you can use the linux recovery cdnot sure the website though or that. mine also wasn't ubuntu specific
i'm not sure if it's embedded, but i've never seen it
i'm not sure what bios is doing that
you can use the live - persistent installer to install to the 2gb sd
i'm not sure.. i'm sure there is.. but i've never used it.. i don't know if it's installed by default
you can use tab for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
i think you need to use the x server to get x to run
i'm not sure, i've never had a problem with hibernate.
i'm not sure, i've never used sftp
you'll need to install xchat - gnome and xchat
you could also use a live cd to do a clean install of ubuntu
i think so, but i don't know
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` works''.
i'm not sure, i'm using the system - administration - synaptic package manager
i don't know, i'm not sure
i think it's the same, but i'm not sure
i'm not sure what to tell you
i'm not sure, i'm using curlftps on my windows machine
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's fixed
i'm not sure, i've never seen that
i'm not sure what to do with that
you can install the kernel from the repositories
i'm not sure what the issue is
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` hidden files''
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a way around it
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a way to do it
ok, now you need to add : driver ` ` sis''
you can try ctrl - alt - backspace to get a console login
what happens when you try to download the page?
you might want to try installing libflashsupport
you can try closing and opening your terminal window unless you've modified your. bashrc ( or other shell configuraiton ) file
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` 1680x1050''
you should be able to ping the dhcpd server
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there's a place to download the tar. gz
i'll look into it, thanks
you need to chmod x. filepath sudo. fileji
please don't flood, use url to paste, do ntfs - 3g or ntldr as punctuation.
can you pastebin the output of ` ` mount''?
you need to install the gtk - dev package.
please don't flood, use url to paste, do ntfs - 3g or ntldr as punctuation.
you're not sure what the output of'wget - c url is
please don't flood, use url to paste, do nt use enter as punctuation.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is something else
i'm not sure how much ram you have.
i think it would be a great idea to have a backport repo for the latest versions.
i'm not sure what to do with that.
what is the output of ` ` sudo fdisk - l''?
you can get a nice enough kde env under ubuntu
you can mount it with sudo mount filepath filepath
can you paste one line for me?
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` start on''
you can use hulu through linux, but it's not really the same as tv.
flashblock is a plugin that allows flash to run on a flash device. see url for more information.
i am not sure what you mean by ` ` not made for lucid''.
i have a blank screen, but i can see the filepath hdd
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` replace''.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a way to do that
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to use fuser to see what processes are running
i'm not sure what you mean by reinstall.
you don't need the proprietary driver, you'll get better results using the open source ` ` ati'' one altf2, then type gksu gedit filepath
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's possible
i think there is a temp sensor applet in synaptic
try running apt - get update and see if there are any processes using it.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's in the list.
i have a 4500, and i have a 6500
i'm not sure how to add it to the file browser
i don't know, i do nt use gnome
you need to forward the ports on your router
you might want to check out the appdb for that
please don't flood, use url to paste, do n use enter as punctuation.
please watch your language and topic to help keep this channel family friendly.
i'm not sure if there is one
you shouldn't type the quotes ( ` ` )
i think so, but i dont know how
i think so, but i'm not sure.
you can make a recovery disk for that
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a place
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to find out what's going on.
you can also use the rounter to connect to the internet
i'm not sure how to do that, but i'm sure there is a way
i'm not sure, i'm using beryl
try altf2, then type gnome - panel
what resolution do you want? what do you mean by ` ` 800x 600''?
i'm not sure if dd will do that, but i'd imagine it would
you can also use sudo - s to temporarily mount the harddisks
no debug mode in the installer.
i mean recompiling the application with the debugging symbols.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there's a way to get it to work
you can use tab for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there's a way to do that
i'm not sure how to set up this static ip
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's possible
i'd recommend you just install ubuntu on a usb stick and then install windows on it
please watch your language in here emoji
i am running it again to get the exact error
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` long term search''
i'm not sure, but i'm sure you can do it
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a way to disable swap - space.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` no one know what you're talking of''
you need to install the driver for your card
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` supported _ pte _ mask''
i'm not sure, i'm using gnome
you can use the kernel from the current kernel
i'm not sure how to do that
i'm trying to install lampp on debian same ubuntu
you can use the tab key to list the partitions
you can delete the extended partition with the installer
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` error code''
i'm in maverick, but i'm not sure if i can get it to work
you can install the 32bit version if you want
you can use a raid 1 mirror to mirror the array
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there are
i'm not sure, i've never done it
i'm glad it's working now
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` wrong place''
you can also use the chmod command to change the owner of the filepath dir.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` install to proper location''
you could try xubuntu, but it's a bit heavy
please don't flood, use url to paste, do nt use enter as punctuation.
i think you need to install the oracle vmware - virtualbox - extension package
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a way to change the volume in alsamixer
you can also use the terminal to open a terminal.
i'm not sure, i'm using kde
i'm not sure, i'm using gnome, but i've never seen that before
i have a nvidia 6150 go wireless driver and a broadcom 4311
you need to install the firefox - 3. 5 package
you need to enable universe and multiverse
you can also run : sudo mount filepath filepath
i'll give it a try, thanks
i'm not sure, i've never used gmail
i think it was in the past
you could setup a file server using ftp or samba
i'm not sure what to google for
you can download the repos from the ubuntu website
i'm not interested in fixing things only for me, but saving the world by getting the perfect ubuntu for those 6 billion emoji
you can also use ssh - keygen to create a symlink on the remote host
what are you trying to install?
i'm not sure if rosetta has a mass update, but i'm sure it's on the list
you're trying to ssh into the box?
wine can run on windows, but not on linux.
what happens when you try to open it?
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` dpkg interrupted''
i'm not sure, but i'd guess it's a bug
you could also use the ` ` sudo nano filepath
i've tried that, but it doesn't work
i have a hardware raid controller, but i havent enabled it
i think you can use chroot to do that
i'm not sure, i'm just a little confused
i'm not sure how to do that, but i'm sure there's a way
because it's not in the repos yet
i'm not sure what you mean by alternate cd
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it will be
i'm not sure, i'm just a bot
i'm not sure, but i'd try disabling acpi in bios
i'm not sure what to tell you.
i don't know, i'm not sure
i'm not sure how to do that
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there's a discussion about it
i don't print dialogs, i just open the ` ` new firefox has been upgraded'' screen
i'm not sure what to do with it.
i'm not sure, i'm using xubuntu
i'm not sure, i'm just guessing
i'm not sure what to do with it
i'm not sure, but i'm sure i'll be able to get it working
it's not supposed to try to remove anything
you need to install the package skype - common
i'm not sure what the fix is
i'm not sure if it's a bug, but i'm sure it'll be fixed in the next release
i'm not sure how to map it to filepath
i'm not sure what that means.
i think you can resize it to fit your needs
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it could be.
i'm not sure what you're talking about.
you can install it from adept, but i don't know how to install it
open new tab in firefox, clear the urlbar and write aboutemojilugins
centos is based on red hat, which uses filepath ubuntu is based of debian, which use filepath
i think you can set it to use pulseaudio
you can use the grub - install script to fix grub
i'm not sure, i've never used it
i'm not sure what to do with that
i'm not sure, but i think it's in filepath
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a list of libraries
i don't know, i'm not a kubuntu user
i don't think so, but i've heard that it's possible
i tried that, but it didnt display any lines
apt - cache search nutrition will show you all the packages you need
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` chroot''
you need to install the compiz - fusion package
i'm not sure, but i've heard of some games that run on linux, but not that good
i don't know, i'm not sure.
i'm trying to install libpng3, but it doesn't seem to be installed
i'm not familiar with limewire, but i'm sure there are others
you can also add yourself to the group and add yourself as a user
i have a ati technologies inc radeon igp filepath
i'm not sure what you mean by crash.
i'm not sure what to do with it
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` help''
you can use the command line to do that
i've seen that before, but i've never tried it.
you need to install the package in the source directory
you can install both at the same time, but it's not recommended
you need to set the right filepath on your xorg. conf
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's related
i am trying to install kubuntu - desktop, but i don't know how to do that
i'm sure there are many, but i'm not sure which one is the best
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a way to do that
i'm not sure, but i'd try it.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` not working''
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` select a different server''
you can use lvm to store the data on the raid
i'm not sure how to do that, but i'm sure there's a way
i'm trying to install it, but i'm not sure how to do that
i'm using k3b, but can't find the option
i don't know, i've never used testdisk
i don't know, i've never had a problem with it.
i'm not sure what to do with that error
i'm not sure how fast you're getting.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's not too bad
i'm not sure how to solve this problem.
i'm not sure what you mean by remote console.
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out what the issue is
i don't know why we need an op
i'm not sure, but i've heard of some crossover office games.
i'm not sure what to do next
wine is a compatibility layer for running windows programs on filepath see url for more information.
you can try both, but you'll have to decide which one you like better
i'm not sure what you mean by test.
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that it's a bios issue
you can also try running gnome - language - selector and set it to english
i'm not sure what you mean by snd - hda - nvidia model = mc67 mc67 is the model number of you sound card
i'm not disputing that. what does it mean? do we all contract aids and die?
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` connect to irc''
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` chroot''
i think it is a gtk2 webcam
i'm not sure, i'm pretty sure it's a module
i'm not sure, i'm using dapper
i'm not sure, but i'm sure they are.
i'm not sure, but i've heard that ubuntu takes more battery life than windows
you can remove icedtea manually, but you need to install it manually.
i think it is 24, but i don't know
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` edgy''
i'm not sure, but i'm sure gnome 2 is in the repos
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there's a way to do it
i think he has done it before
i think you should be able to resize the image
i have no compiz on. i have no effects enabled.
you can change it in filepath or filepath
i think you need to map it to a hostname
i got promot for sudo for other things but not for this
there is unrar - free, but it can't handle rar 3. 0
i'm trying to connect to a lan from the outside.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's possible
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there are some crud issues
you can set up a firewall if you want to protect your system.
i have never had this problem ever, i just did an edgy install, dapper was fine.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` political reason''
you can mount the partition in ubuntu and copy whatever files you need
i have the same problem with the nvidia drivers
you can use samba for the network connection. the file system doesn't matter over a network.
i'm not sure how to do that
you can add auto eth0 to filepath
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there are people who can help you
you can also check in the filepath file for your isp's dns servers.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` i'm in here''
you can also use a windows xp box to backup your files
you can use wq to save to a text editor
i'm not sure, i'm using alsa
you can also use the file browser to open the file.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure i'll find it.
i'm not sure, i'm afraid
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` update''
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's possible
i think you need to enable the universe repository
i think it's a very good idea to have a large network of gentoo machines
it depends on it, but it's not a dependency
i'd check the md5sum on the stick
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a list somewhere
i'm not sure if dd will work on errors, but i'm sure it will.
i'm not sure what you're talking about
you can also try anjuta, it's a bit more advanced
you can also use the themes manager to install them
i'm not sure if it's going to be in hoary or not
you can remove xubuntu - desktop and then install xubuntu
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there's a way to get it working
i'm not sure how to share my external harddrive in lan. i wrote a tutorial on this
i'm not sure, but i've heard that windows is the safest and most secure
i'm not sure how to disable dri
i use bmp, but i don't know how to use it
i'm not sure, but i'd say you could try a virtualbox
i'm not sure what you mean by chmod'ing.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` take care of''
i'm not sure, i've never tried it
i'm not sure, but i'm sure he does
i'm not sure what you're talking about
i dont know what to do with it
i'm not sure, i've never used diskless servers
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is
i'm not sure what the problem is.
you can use free - m to see how much memory you have
i'm not sure, i'm using a laptop
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's possible
i'm not sure if itunes is supported by wine, but i'd try it
i'm not sure if you can do that, but i'm sure there's a way to do it.
i think you can install ubuntu to an external drive, but i'm not sure
i think you need to enable the 3d driver in the restricted driver manager
ntfs write is not supported by default in kubuntu
i'm not sure, but i'm sure ext3 is better than ntfs
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's in kde
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` doesn't work''.
you can upgrade via terminal but you will need boot cd
you need to copy the file to the desktop
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's possible
i want to hear the beep when someone calls my name on your ssh server then back to your ssh's client program
you can use the ` ` put'' command in the file manager to put files in the directory you want to drop them to
i'm not sure what to do with that.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a way to do it
i'm not sure what you mean.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there are some.
you can also use - - list - keys to list the key combinations.
i'm not sure, but i'd look into the filepath uuid's
i'm not sure, but i'm sure they are
i think you need to install aim from the repositories.
i'm not sure, i've never used magnet links
i want to replace abiword with xubuntu - desktop so i can replace it with a version that i'm gon na compile on my own
i don't know, i'm not a graphics expert
ok, so you're using ndiswrapper?
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` look over your shoulder''
you can use filepath for swap and filepath filepath swap for filepath and fileji for filejis
i think ac97 is supported, but i don't know
i'm not sure what you mean by purge.
i'm not sure what you mean by route
i'm not sure what to do next
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` i'm on my way out''
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's there
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` the same''
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` keyboard''
i've tried reinstalling all the alsa packages.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` escalate'', but i'm sure there's a way to do that
i'm not sure what to tell you
i'm not sure, a pretty old one, maybe 5 years old
i want to change my default display manager from gdm to entrance ( enlightenment dm )
i'm not sure, i'm afraid
i'm using gparted, but i'm not sure how to use it
i think it's a boot option to me, like at the grub page. ah well.
i'm not sure what you mean by x2x
i'm not sure what the problem is. i'm sure there is a solution.
i'm sorry, but i don't know what that wiki page says
i'm not sure, but i'm sure i'll be born in january
i'm not sure if it's already installed, but it'll install chromium.
i'm not sure what to do then
i'll look into it. thanks
you need to install the package ` ` sendmail''
you can use the tab key for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
i don't run it at boot - i run it from filepath for example
i tried with alsamixer and pulseaudio in a terminal
i'm using a broadcom wireless chip that can't use the b43 - fwcutter package
you can also use the'man fstab'command to find out which partitions are mounted
i'm not sure, but i'd say it's a good choice
i'm not sure what to do with that.
i'm not sure what you mean by general
i'm not sure how to do that, but i'm sure there is a way
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there's a way to get a dell laptop to run ubuntu
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` strip off the path''
i have installed all the dependencies.. but i have to install the acpi - support - base package first
i'm not sure how to do that.
you need to use the - lm switch to get the math library to work.
you need to use the proper filepath entry
i'm not sure, i've never seen that
you can, but you'll have to use sudo
i'm not sure, i'm using tor
you're not supposed to be using sudo passwd root
i'm not sure, but i'd backup anything important
i think you can use nautilus for sftp
i'm not sure, i'm using alsa
i'm not sure what you did, but i'm sure you can do it all
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's a good idea to have a key for the first time
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` fix grub''
you can make a swap partition with a swap = 2xram
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's possible
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there are some.
you need to add the ppa first
i tried alsamixer, but it still doesn't work
i'm using the stock ubuntu kernel, you rolled your own?
you can add it manually, but it's not in the default menu
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` pseudo - package''
you can use the command line to install ndiswrapper
you need flashplugin - nonfree, but i don't know how to install it
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` broken''
i think you can switch users with the new lock screen in xscreensaver
you're trying to compile wine?
i think it's a good idea to have a firewall on your windows box
i'm not sure what you mean by'missing x '
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` for personal use''
i'm not sure, i've never used it.
i'm not sure if you can help, but i'm sure you can.
i'm not sure if it is maintained, but i'm sure it is
i think it's a bug in the package manager
find. - name. mp3 - print0 xargs - 0 mv filepath
i have a laptop with a laptop that has a laptop and a tablet
i'm not sure how to do that, but i'm sure there is a way
i'm not sure, i've never used vim
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there are some issues with flash
tab is probably the single most useful in your irc client.
you can download torrents from torrents. ubuntu. com, or from the web
because python is a very powerful language
i don't know. i'm not sure.
i'm not sure, i've never used xen
i'm not sure what to do then
i'm not sure how to do that, but i'm sure there's a way
i'm not sure, i've never used inkscape
i'm not sure what you mean by shit.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's possible
you might want to look at the printer config file.
i think it's in the user home directory
ctrl - z suspend, but then you can stop it
i'm using hoary, but i'm not sure if it's enabled by default
i'm registered, but i don't know how to register
i'm not sure, i've played it for 3 months, last 2 months i played source i made 2100 euro a month..
it says, set - e, set - u, test - x filepath exit 0
ok, now lets make sure you have all the files you need installed
you can use any combination of encryption and telnet
i'm not sure what to tell you
i'll update the bug report with this info.
you need to change the disk type in filepath
i'd suggest doing a clean install
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` not mounted''
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` kpersonalizer''
i'm not wearing it, i'm wearing a t - shirt
i'm not sure, i'm using a laptop, and i've never had this problem before
ok i believe this is the link url
yes, but you can install any version of ubuntu from the live cd
i'm not sure what you mean by output 21
i think it's in the repos
i'm not sure what the router is, but i'm sure it's a wireless network.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` pre - removal script returned error exit status 102''
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` beat into shape''
you can install ubuntu - desktop, but you'll have to install the whole ubuntu desktop
i'm not sure, but i'd imagine it's possible to print 4x 6 size photos
i'm not sure, i'm just a bot
i'm not sure what to do with that.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` alert triangle''
what is the output of,, amixer onto url
i'm not sure, i'm using dapper
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` ht = on''
i think you can see the top bar of windows
i'm not sure, but i'd bet it's a hardware issue
you can try to mount it with ` ` sudo mount - o ro - t ext4 filepath filepath
i'm looking for the info which locale is currently set.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a way to do that
audacity is a sound manipulation program. it's a ubuntu version for audio and video editing
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there's a way to do that
you need to install it from the repositories
i'm sure i'll be able to help you out
mdke : i'm on amd64, but i'll try to install the. deb files from url and try again
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` firewall''
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` 80x24''
i'm using azureus, and i'm getting the speed out of ktorrent
i'm not sure, i've never used ubuntu on a p4
i have a 64 bit system.. i have a 32 bit system and i have no problems with it..
i'll file a bug, but i'm not sure if it's a bug or not.
what is the output of : lsb _ release - sc
i don't know, i'm not a network admin
i'm not sure what the problem is.
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to get kde4 to work
i'm trying to install mtn, but it says it's not installed
i'm not sure if you can boot from a flash drive, but i'd imagine you can
i'm not sure, but it's not too hot here
i'm not sure, but i think it's possible
you can also use virtual hosts to enable the site
i tried that but it says no cammand
i'm not sure, i'm using the nvidia - settings package
you can upgrade to 9. 04 if you want
you can try this repo listed here : url
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that it doesn't work for me
i'm not sure, i've never had a problem with xgl
i think it will, but i haven't tried it myself
ok, so you're on a laptop that's supported here, right?
ok, so do this : sudo apt - get purge nvidia - settings nvidia _ settings nouveau - updates nvidia
i'm not sure, but i think you can install it with aptitude or apt - get
i've used gparted to resize my ntfs drive
you can also change the order in filepath
you can test the volume levels with the volume control applet
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` mkfs''
ext3 is a good choice for disk file formats.
i'm not sure what to do with it.
i'm not familiar with clonezilla. i do not believe partimage has a web interface, no. it has a command line and gui interface
i'm sure i'll be there
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to help.
i'm running dapper on a laptop
i'm not sure how to do that.
because it's illegal to do anything in the us
i'm not sure how to do that.
you can use the'usermod'command to check if the other user is running the nvidia driver.
you can also check the network settings
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` offtopic''
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` lucky''
i'm not sure what to tweak in this case
you can also look at the ubuntu forums for a virus problem
i'm not sure what you mean by mark.
i'm not sure if ubuntu - dev is a good place to start
i'm not sure what you mean by'accident '
you need to use the package's name, not the package name.
you can ssh into your first server, and then scp the files to the second server
i'm not sure, but i'd say it's probably cacheing your memory
you can use pwd protect folders, assign them permissions, and then chmod them to keep them protected.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` input : video bus as filepath
i think you can add it to your applications menu
i'm not sure, i'm using the usb key on the kingmax
i think you need the package gnulib
i'm not sure how to do that.. but i think you could use a proxy
i'm just doing the standard install from ubuntu 9. 04 live cd
you can make a profit from ubuntu.
you can also use the command ` ` ps - ef'' to find out what the path is
i'm going to have to do some surgery on my ankle, but i'll be back in a few hours
i'm not sure how to do that in ubuntu
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` beer''
i think so, but i dont know how
you can use the command ` ` sudo fdisk - l'' to see the partition table
i'm not familiar with downloading games, but i'm sure there are some
i'm not sure if it does, but it should
i don't know, i'm not sure how to do that
i think you can use compiz - fusion to change the cube reflection and deformation
you need to install the nvidia - glx - new package
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is
i'm not sure what that means, but i'm sure there is a solution
okay, now does it contain a line saying '.. bashrc'or'source. bash rc '?
i'm not sure, i've never used it
i'm not sure what to do with it
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` ragging''
i'm not sure, but i've used it for a long time and it's been a pleasant experience
i'm using pidgin, and it works well
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there are.
i'm not sure, i'm using kde
you can make a boot floppy that will boot the linux system.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a way to check the right traffic
i'm not sure if it installs, but i'm sure it does.
i'm not sure what that means, but i'm sure it means something
you can also run it with a script
i'm not sure, i'm using xchat
i'm not sure how to do that
okay, try this then : places - network
i think you can install lamp from the package manager
i'm not sure, but i think you can use vmware for that.
i've used the nvidia drivers for a long time, and i've never had any problems with them
i'm using virtualbox, but i'm not sure how to install it.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` follow desktop bugs''
i am only a bot, please don't think i'm intelligent emoji
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a way to fix it.
you can try to boot from cd and see if it works.
i have a usb stick, but i don't know how to do that.
i don't know how new you are but it's shorthand for filepath
what happens when you try to boot the cd?
you can use scite to open files in filepath
i think there is a protocol for instant messaging, but i don't know if it's the same
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` install''
i don't know, i'm not sure.
what does the configure command say?
i'm not sure, i'm using ampache
i'm not sure, but i'm sure vlc will do it for you
i'm not sure what you're talking about
you can also use the web interface to see the ip of your lan
i'm not sure, but plymouth is a splash system, so it's not a splash
i'm not sure, i've never used it
i'm not sure, i've never used putty.
you can see how alternate cd install look like at url
i'm not sure, but i'm sure they don't need to.
i am on a live cd now, but i am trying to clone my harddisk
i'm not sure, i'm using a raid controller
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` portnumber''
i'm not sure if it's worth the time to actually write it down, but i'm sure it'll be useful.
you are not booting from the drive which contains grub
you can install the desktop kernel, but you'll have to decide how much desktop you want
i'm not sure.. never had the trouble. sorry
i'm not sure what to do with it.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` install fglrx''
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` no''
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` sticks''
i use the clock applet to set the time.
i'm not sure what to tell you about it
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` not used''
i think dreamweaver is a good alternative to dreamweavers
i'm not sure what you mean by filepath
i'm not sure what you mean by broken horribly
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` on the same partition''
i'm not sure how to do that
i'm not sure what to tell you
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there are some.
xubuntu will be lighter, but it will be a bit lighter
i have a core 2 duo, and can't install ubuntu
i'm using the - 11 kernel, but it's intermittent.
you can boot into windows and see the windows partition?
i'm not sure, i'm using a 3ware controller
i'm not sure what to tell you
i'll try that, thanks
you can use compiz - fusion to configure your settings
what does'dmesg tail - f filepath say?
i tried man mount and it didnt work
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's possible
i'm not sure, i've never used it
you can also use the command line to unplug the device.
i'm not sure how to do that in windows
i'm not sure what you mean by create a rc. boot directory
you need to mount the remote resource with sudo mount - t nfs remotenode : filepath filepath
you can add them if you want, but you need to add them manually
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` apache''
i'm not sure, but i think arm7 is the most commonly used arm7
you need to add the ip to the router's config file
i don't know, i do nt think so
i'm not sure, but i've heard good things about itunes
i'm not sure, i'm using samba
ubuntu is not the same as fedora, but it is the same
i'm not sure what the - i option is
i'm not sure, but i'd try to boot windows first
i don't know, i'm not sure.
i'm not sure what he was trying to do
i'm not sure if rapidshare supports it, but i'd check the website
i'm not sure, but you can try the live cd option.
what do you want to do?
i've never used it, but i'm sure there are some things you can do to improve it
you're not configuring the interface, you're configuring your ip address
i'm not sure, i'm using the vga driver.
you'll need to install the sun javas
you can use the man command to find out what is going on
i'm not sure what to do with it
you're not running a server, are you?
you need to enable the wireless network in the network - admin
you could try a different router, see if it's the same
i'm not sure, i've never had any problems with a550
i'm not sure, i'm using konqueror
i think you can install the package flashplugin - nonfree
you can learn a lot of stuff from the os
i'm not sure what hal - lock is, but i'm sure it's there
i'm using vim - tiny, but i don't want to install x along with it
i'm sure you can disable the intel gpu in the bios.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` stay with win''
i'm not sure, i'm using kde4
you need to sudo mount - t ntfs - 3g filepath filepath
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a way to do it
i'm using xgl and compiz on top of gnome - would that make a difference?
i think you're right. i'm not sure.
i'm not sure. i'm using xrandr to check.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` screen''
i'm not sure if it's there, but i'm sure it is
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a link
i'm not sure, but i'd imagine it would work
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` kernel''
i'm not sure, but i've never had any problems with it.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` right boot cmdline''
i'm trying to install 5. 2. 5, but i'm getting a 404 error
you can also install kcontrol and kde - session - manager
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is.
i'm running it in lucid right now
i'm not sure, i've never used a router
i'm not sure, i'm using quantal
i've personally recovred overwritten data that i've never seen overwritten
i don't know, i'm not familiar with gnome - volume - manager
i'm not sure, but i'd say it's a good idea to use ext3
you can do that with sudo, but you'll need to do it with a root password
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there's a way to do it
you could try the gparted livecd, also use badblocks on it
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` move something into a new place''
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` newb''
i'm not sure what rhythmbox used.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` upgrade''
i'm not sure, i've never used it
you need to be root to mount the partition
you can increase ram with the system - preferences - advanced - system - monitor
you can set it to not pollute your settings.
i think it's possible, but i don't know how
it says : install. txt : ascii english text, with overstriking
you can right click on the panel and get a'new panel'menu item
i haven't tried in terminal i don't understand top
you can move the middle button to a blank space
i dont know what else off the top of my head.
please don't shout! we can read lowercase too.
you can use the terminal to run glxgears
i'm not sure what to do with that.
i am in the terminal, i just type sudo command in the console
you can also use the grub menu to select the first partition
i'm not sure what to do next
i'm not sure what tasksel is, but i'm sure it's in tasksel
i think networkmanager is the tool for that
i'm not sure how to do that.
i think you can use the - dev package to override the - base package
i dont think so, i dont use ubuntu
i think it's a bit more in performance.. but not in performance
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` not working''
you can install the driver from backtrack
you can use the file manager to open a file manager
i'm not sure if you can help with that, but i'd guess you could ask in the ubuntu - motu channel
i'm not sure, i've never used telinit 3
it's a command to run a program that runs on a given window
i've got firefox and swift fox
i'm not sure, i'm sure it's a bug
you can install ubuntu - desktop, but it's not going to install all the other stuff
i'm not sure, but i think it's a porting box
i'm not sure about antivirus, but i've never used it.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's been a while since i've used it
i dont understand what are you talking about
i'm not sure, i'm using kubuntu
ubuntu server is a gui based distro.
i'm not sure, but i've never used it.
i'm not sure, but i think it's a good idea to do that
i am not sure give me a sec
i'm not sure, i'm on a dedicated server
you can also install kubuntu - desktop if you want
please don't flood, use url to paste, do nix, do not use enter as punctuation.
i am not sure what you mean by dual booting with xp and ubuntu.
type nvidia - settings and then hit the tab key - anything come up?
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` help''
you can use vbox guest additions to get it to run natively
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's encoded in some form
i'm not sure, i'm a bit of a noob
i'm using the gmplayer video screen - preferences - video
i'm not sure. i'm using fluxbox on a laptop.
what did you do to get this error message?
what video card do you have?
i'm not sure if medibuntu is available in the repositories.. but i'm sure there is
i'm not sure what allow - hotplug is
i'm working on hardy, not intrepid.
i'm afraid i don't know much about hal
i'm not sure, i'm using kde4
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` no more ptys problem''
i'm not sure, i'm using the default ubuntu install
you can change the username with ` ` sudo usermod - l newname''
what are you trying to do with an exe on ubuntu?
you can upgrade to 12. 04 from 10. 04 to 12. 04 to 11. 04
you can use tab completion to autocomplete the octal permissions of a file
i'm not a child, i'm just trying to help you
if you have a switch to turn wireless and bluetooth on and off then you have it
i'm not sure, but i think it's a proxy server
no, it won't create any burn ins
i'm not sure, i've never used it
i'm not sure what you mean by setup
i'm not sure if there is a recovery console, but i'm sure there is.
i think mencoder can do it, but i'm not sure.
you can try logging in as root, but it's not recommended.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's possible
i'm not sure, but i'd guess it's a segmentation fault.
you can also try the ubuntu forums, there are a lot of good guides there
you shouldn't be using the ubuntu proprietary driver
i'm not sure if that's what you're looking for
i'm not sure how to do that
i'm not sure, but i've never used it
i don't know, i do nt use pidgin
i'm not sure, but i think it's e16
i dont understand. you have no effects enabled or changing it had no effect?
i'm not sure, but i'm sure you can find a guide on the wiki
you should be running 1. 1. 1, not 1. 2. 1
i'm not sure, but i've heard of a winmodem that does that.
i tried to run it, but nothing came up
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` comment out the line that says python2. 5''
i'm not sure what you mean by nohup
i'm not sure what to do about that
you can boot to recovery mode and then mount the partition
i'm not sure if you can get it to work out of the box.
i think you can boot with install cd into rescue mode. then when you're logged in you can use grub - install filepath to reinstall grub.
you can use the synaptics touchpad to configure your touchpad
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` replace''.
please don't flood, use url to paste, do ntfs - 3g or ntldr as punctuation.
i'm not sure how to do that
i use att too, but i'm not sure if it's available in the repos
you need to make a shortcut to the desktop
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's possible
i'm not sure how to do that, but i'm sure there is a way.
i'm not sure, i've never used vnc4server
i think it's a bit overkill, but i'm not sure
i'm not sure, but i'd say nvidia is better supported than ati.
i think so, but i don't know
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` none''
you can use normal live cd to upgrade.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure i'll be able to help you
i'm not sure, i'm sure it's a bug
i'm not sure, i've never used rar - free
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a way to do it
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` fk up''
i'm not sure if it's possible to do that, but i'd rather not do it
i'm not sure what chipset it is, but i'm sure there is one
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` sudo''
you can also set it to auto in the bios
i'm not sure what you mean by sloppy focus, auto - raise, active window hover, etc.
you can type ` ` foo search terms'' and it will do the search for you
i'm not sure, but i'll look into it.
you can use filepath freenode to create a new irssi session
you could try reinstalling the packages you have installed
you can install kvkbd on it, but it's not recommended
i'm trying to get my laptop to suspend, but it's not working
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's in the repos
yes, but u have to copy each file to view it, and ofcourse u can not write
i think you can use kdm to change the service name
i'm not sure what you mean by pastebin.
you can use ghost4linux to do that
i'm not sure what you mean by broken.
i'm not sure if you've got a problem with the charset, but i'm sure you'll find a solution
i think eclipse is the best ide editor for linux
i'm not sure what to tell you. i'm using a vesa card.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's possible
i think you need to set the resolution in xorg. conf
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` not working''
you can get a list of all the channels with this bot
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` post - installation script returned error exit status 20''
i'm downloading the packages now. thanks!
you can use openssl to generate certificates.
i'm not sure, i'm just curious
i'm only a bot, please don't think i'm intelligent emoji
i don't know, i've never used webcamstudio
i use totem, but i dont use totem
you are trying to crack a wep client?
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a link
i'm not sure what codecs you have installed.
you can try to install libid3tag0 from the repositories
ok, so you are trying to play a game?
i'm not sure, i've never used it
i'm not sure what you mean by freenas.
ok, now click on the ` ` mark for installation'' button
i do not see that setting under general
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a way to do it
i'm not sure, i'm using the amd64 kernel
i am using xubuntu by the way
you can also try to install the fglrx driver from the ati site.
i'm not sure, i'm using jaunty
i'm not sure, i've never used a quad box
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` routine mistakes''
i'm not sure if virtualization is in the future, but it's in the plans
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is
i tried that but i dont see anything about restarting x
please watch your language and topic to help keep this channel family - friendly, polite, and professional.
i don't know, but i'm sure there are some ruby - specific jobs out there.
you have to remove the redhat - cluster - suite package
i'm not sure, i've never used it
what happens when you try to burn it?
i'm not sure if there is a ` ` stuff in breezy'' package, but i'm sure there is
i think you can do it with gparted
i'm using a non - default way to manage user accounts.
i'm not sure what to check, but i'm sure there is a way to check the input
i'm not sure if it's a bug or not
i'm not sure how to do that in nano
virtualbox is a good choice, vmware is a better choice
you can connect to any other irc server using the network manager
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a way to do that
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` on off switch''
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` use a swap partition''
i'm not worried about the fan, i'm worried about my hd's
i'm not sure, i'm using pidgin
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there are some good ones.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` not using a usb card reader''
i think there is a program for that
i'm not sure, but i think update - rc. d is a tool for packages to use to automatically update rc. d symlinks.
i'm not sure what photon data card is
i'm not sure what that means
you'll need to install madwifi - current and madwififi - radar
i'm not sure how to do that
what are you testing to determine ` ` no go''?
you can add the repositories to your sources. list, but that's not going to help you
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a way to do it
i'm not sure, i'm afraid i don't know.
i'm not sure, i'm using a broadcom wireless card
please don't flood, use url to paste, do ntfs - 3g or ntldr as punctuation.
you can search for your printer in the linux package manager.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` pops up a dialog''
you can try to install the packages from the ubuntu repositories, but that's not going to fix your problem.
you can delete all your home if you want
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's not a problem
you can encrypt the encrypted home directory with a password
i think you can do that.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's a problem
ok now u need to put the address of the folder u want to share on the server side
i'm not sure what you mean by that. i'm using kde, but i'd imagine it's somewhere in filepath
i'm not sure, but i'd imagine it's a kernel issue
you typed ` ` sudo make install''
i'm not sure if it's a bug, but i'm sure it'll be fixed in the next few days
i'm not sure, i've never used vmware player
i want to recover my data files.
i've been looking at the bzr branches for a while now
you can also use the jack command to record the midi input of the keyboard speakers.
i'm not sure, but i'd imagine you'd be fine with a 32bit os
you need to change the symlink in ( i think ) filepath and then run'sudo update - initramfs - k ( uname - r ) '
i'm trying to play dvd's
i want to connect to a server in gnome
i'm not sure if you can boot from a live cd or a livecd
i'm trying to make an encrypted password
i'm not sure what to tell you.
pastebin'sudo fdisk - l filepath and the output of'fdisk - l '
ok, so you're running dhclient3 on your server?
i think gnome classic is no longer supported
i'm using the nvidia driver, but i'm not sure how to get it to work
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that the license is not 100 free
please don't flood, use url to paste, do ntfs - 3g or ntldr in a terminal, do you get any error messages?
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a channel for that
you'll need to upgrade to 7. 0 first
i'd suggest you create a new user and create a password for them
i'm not sure, but i'm sure someone else has
i'm not sure, i'm just curious
you can use nano to edit a file
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` lts''
i'm not sure what you mean by kioslaves
i think there are about 15 levels
i think it is, but i dont know
i'm trying to install ubuntu 5. 10 on a laptop
i'm sure there's a list somewhere somewhere.
you'll need to type your password and hit enter
you should be able to install it with apt - get
i'm not sure if it's possible to install a program from source
i'm not sure, i'm using evolution right now
they are, but they are not.
i'm not sure what the problem is.
the alpha is the first point you can upgrade to, for the toolchain you need to edit the sources. list ( i'm not sure though )
i am trying to load my sound card
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's possible.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` running it''
i'm not sure, i'm using a ssh client
you can also use aptoncd to get a list of installed packages
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` empty''
i'm not sure, i'm using kde
i'm going to try to edit xorg. conf
i'm not sure what to do with it.
you can try to speak in your native language.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's a bug
i'm not sure what to tell you
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's possible
i have 10. 10. i have the latest version
ok, so it's not mounted?
you can also use the'mv'command to do that
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` not active''
i'm not sure, i've never used irssi.
what happens when you try to mount it?
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` retarded''
yes, but you can install kubuntu on the same machine
ok, then you need to add the line to the end of the command to find it
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` wrong password''
you can use the mail - forwarder to send mail to root
i'll try it out. thanks for the help.
ok, so you're not using alsamixer
ok, now, open gnome - theme - manager and go to the icons tab and they should be available to choose.
i'm not sure, i'm using kde
i'm not sure, but i'm sure i've seen that before
i'm not sure if that will help, but i'm sure it will
i'm not uptight, i'm just a computer geek emoji
i'm not sure, but i'd say it's ide
i think you need to add the repos
i think you're right, but i'm not sure.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` optimized''
you can delete it with gparted, but you need to use the gui
you need to set it on the xp machine not the linux one
what are you trying to make this directory at? and why.
i'm not sure, but i think it's a dvd install.
i'm not sure if testdisk can do that.
it will install the files in the correct place
aidenxi - thanks again. see you tomorrow
i'm not sure, i'm using a vesa graphics card on an unknown monitor at 640x480 60hz when it's actually using the restricted ati drivers
you can install ubuntu - desktop and kubuntu - desktop separately if you want
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to get the latest version of kde
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` nvidia''
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it will
i think vmware or kvm might be better
i'm not sure what you mean by reboot pc
you can also add the modes you want to use in the section ` ` screen''
you can use fluxbox - generate - menu to install fluxbox
i think it's a configurable file manager.
you can install the package ` ` firefox - common''
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's possible
i'm not sure, but i've never used devilspie
i'm not sure what to do now.
i'm not sure what you mean by terminal support
you can, but you'll have to add a new entry to your filepath file
i'm not sure, i'm just guessing
i'm not sure, i'm using the kubuntu 354 testing repo
i'll try that, thanks
i think it's case sensitive, but i don't know
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there's a bug
i'm not sure, but i'd check the ram usage in gnome
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there's a way to do it with audigy 2zs
you can also type in the terminal ` ` firefox''
i think it's in the gnome - look. org repo
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` all with a different cpu''
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's possible
i'm not sure if virtualbox can do dual - boot, but i'd suggest virtualbox
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's a bug
i'm not sure what to do with it, but i'll try to find a solution
you can try to log in from kdm and see if it works
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there are some.
what graphics card do you have?
i used syslinux to install a bootloader on a livecd
i'm not sure, but i'm sure i'll get it
you can use the mount command to mount the iso image
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's possible
i'm not sure what to tell you
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there's a bug report somewhere
i use apt for 2 main reasons it uses apt, not rpm and it is bleeding edge
i'm using xmms, but i'm not sure how to use it
i'm getting married next monday, so i'll be married on the 29th
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's a good idea
i installed ubuntu from ` ` base system'' and i need to know what packages needed for gnome. i already installed : gnome - desktop - environment, x - window - system, gdm xserver - xorg
you can burn a cd iso in a dvd just fine
if you want to kill all firefox you have to say killall firefox - bin
i'm not sure, i've never used xine engine
please don't flood ; use url to paste ; do nt use enter as punctuation.
i don't know. i'm not sure.
i'm not sure, i'm sure it does
you can kill them with ps ax
i'm not sure, but i'm sure they would.
you can install a new version of ubuntu
i'm not privileged to mount ntfs, have you seen url
i'm not sure if you can get a copy of the gmail server from one computer to another, but i'd imagine it would be fine
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's around
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` 20 gb''
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to get my sound working
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a way
you can also add the backports repository to your sources. list
i have the alternate install cd, but i don't have ssh installed.
i'm not sure, i'm afraid
you can use disk utility to find it
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` doubt something''
i'll be back in a bit
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's a good idea.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` stand still''
i'm not sure what that means.
i don't know, i do nt think so
i'm going to close it, thank you
you can copy the first 512byte of a partition to sdb2, but you need to make sure you copy the second 512byte to sda
you'll need to install libasound2 - dev and libasd - dev
you can install edgy - backports through synaptic, but you'll have to reinstall the edgy packages first.
i'm not sure how to export that, but i'm sure there is a way
i'm not sure how to do that, but i'll try it
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` not running''
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` w''.
i've never set it though everything will be open, your sendmail problem is probably something else
you can open it from places in your browser.
sudo is a command to run programs with superuser privileges ( ` ` root'' ). look at url for all information.
you can also use term to reload the pulseaudio configuration
you can also use ssh to forward port 22 to your router
i'm trying to install vlc, but it does not work.
you can use the printer control panel to check the configs
you can also use swat to configure samba shares
you can use apt - cache policy to list all the packages you have installed
i'm not sure what you mean by enter
no, you shouldn't set yourself as root
you can add it back, but it's not recommended
i'm not sure what that means
what kind of webcam do you have?
i'm not sure. i'm in scientific now.
you can use the restricted driver manager to install the nvidia driver
i'm not sure, but i'd guess it's a firewall issue
i'm not sure, i've never used npmozax
ok, now you need to copy the files from the windows machine to your ubuntu computer
you can also use wine to run stress
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it will work
you want to mount them at startup?
i'm not sure, but i've heard that x forwarding is used for x - forwarding
i'm not sure what the file is called
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a way to do it
i have xbmc working great, as well as smplayer on 10. 04.
i think i will have to wait for the next release
i'm reading the docs now. thanks
i'm not sure, i've never used kappfinder
you can use the ` ` sudo fdisk - l'' command to create a new partition
you can use the edgy cd to upgrade to a new release
i'm not sure, but i'd say it's the most productive game
you can do it in gdm, if you're running that
i'm not sure, i've never had any issues with xkb
i'm not sure how to do that
i'm not sure if it's a debian package, but i'm sure it'll be removed.
i think it's a repository for a package.
you can also use the pastebin to paste the output of ` ` ls - al filepath
i'm not sure. i'm sure you can find a solution in the forums.
i'm not sure what to tell you.
you could use a python script to do it
i'm not sure, i'm using empathy on the same machine
i think it's utf - 8, but i'm not sure
you can change it back if you want.
you can add the applet to the panel
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a better one
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that the netgear router doesn't allow static ip's
i'm not sure what to do about it.
i'm trying to sync my mio168 with ubuntu.
i'm not sure what you mean by filepath
you'll have a good idea of what linux is.
i'm not sure what you mean by updates.
i think it's the owner of the share.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's possible
i'll send you a mail, but i'm not sure if it'll help
i'm not sure if gparted will do that for you.
i'm not sure what you mean by tweaking.
i'm using xgl, but i'm not using beryl
i'm not sure what that means.
i'm trying to install the nvidia driver
i'm not sure what to tell you.
i'm not sure how to do that
i'm not sure if you can get the driver from the restricted repos
you can upgrade via the dvd or the alternet cd
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` recover''
please don't flood ; use url to paste ; do nt use enter as punctuation.
i'm trying to install emesene on my system
i think so, but i don't know how.
i'm not sure, i'm using the restricted drivers from nvidia. com
you need to add the line ` ` auto eth1'' to the end of the line.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there are some.
i'm not sure how to get wireless to work on the g4
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` bind''
you need to open a terminal and type sudo dpkg - reconfigure xserver - xorg
i'm not sure, i'm using alsa
i'm not sure what you mean by upnp
i'm not sure, but i think it might be possible
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` not working''
you can, but you can not have ubuntu being sid
i think you can use nstat to scan your ports.
you can disable it by running'sudo filepath stop '
i'm not sure what you mean by global upgrade
i'm looking for a command to list all the files on the partition that i want to install ubuntu on
you're probably not using the right driver for your video card
i'm not sure what to do with it
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` install''
i'm not sure, but i think it's set to'filepath
i'm not sure what that is.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` cal''
i'm not sure what could be causing it
you can use sudo to run programs as root
i don't know. i'm not sure.
i'm not sure, i've never had to reinstall anything
i'm not sure, but i've never seen a distro that did that.
you can also use the'gconf - editor'to access it vis gui
i think there is a window manager for that
you can also use brasero to burn an iso image
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's possible
ok. i'm not sure what you mean by restriced.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` choose everything for you''
i'm not sure if sipit is paying for cd's or irl support, but i'm sure they are
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` default screen''
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it does
i'm not sure what the problem is, but i'm sure it's something with the nvidia driver
you might have to re - download the iso - file
i don't know, i do nt use it.
ctrl - a is the key to ctrl - a
you need to make sure you have the proper permissions for the partition you are mounting
i'm not sure how to do that
you need to verify the cd image before installing ubuntu
i'd recommend a clean install, but i'm not sure if it's required
i'm not sure what to do with it
you should be able to install the driver from the restricted manager
i'm not sure how to help you with that
i'm not sure, i'm sure someone else here will have a better idea.
i'm not sure, but i think it does.
i'm not sure, but i've heard that it's better to use a native client
no, but i'd recommend a clean install.
i think it's a webcam.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a git package
because it's a good idea to upgrade to dapper.
i'm not sure, but i'd say you can.
please watch your language and topic to help keep this channel family - friendly, polite, and professional.
i think you should check the man page for fakeroot
i'm not sure if gparted will do that for you
i think it's supposed to be in filepath
i don't know, i've never used mplayer
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` gnome files''
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there are some screensavers in adept
i'm not sure what you mean by logout.
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that ubuntu is not supported here
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` lazy''
i'm not sure. i only have on drive, and it was showing up as detected without booting into windows.
you can also use the bash command to check the result
i think you need to add it to your sources. list
i'm looking for the one in the system tray that has links with empathy, etc.
i think you need to install the driver for the device
right click on the panel and select add to panel
i think it's in the man - page
pastebin the output of sudo apt - get update, and your sources. list
i'm not sure, i'm using the restricted - modules package.
i'm going to try to install it
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` passwords''
i'm not sure, but i'd say you should try ubuntu
i think you can check the md5sum of the iso
i'm not sure what to tell you
i'm not sure, i'm using a firewall
i'm not sure, but i've heard that the ubuntu servers are more efficient
it's a sis card, not a sata card
i'm not sure, but i'm sure you can tell me why it's starting multiple times
i think you can do that with wine
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` doing a backport''
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` general tab''
you can download it from the oovoo website
i'm not sure what to do next
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` weather info''
you can run gparted from the livecd, but i don't know how.
you could use dd to copy the contents of the new drive to a new partition
ok, so you have a folder called filepath
you can install xdm from the command line
you can also use the command line to edit the bookmarks and history
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a way to do it.
i'm not sure what to do next.
i'm not sure, i'm using mplayer
python is installed for you already. just install the python - imaging package for the imaging library
i have set everything to alsa and tried other combinations. none of them are correct up
i'm not sure what conflicts are for. i'm sure i'll be prepared for conflicts.
you need to reinstall the package, but dpkg shows the package that was installed by checkinstall! how do i restore the version from the repos?
i've tried setting up a udev rule, but it doesn't work
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's not a common misconception.
i'm not sure what to do next
i think you need to restart your computer
i think you can do that with the'mapping'tool
you need to copy the directory to the directory you are in
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it wasn't a problem with the first block
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` fix it''
you need to read the documentation.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` i'm only a bot''
i don't know, i'm not sure
you can get testing builds for chromium at url
i think that gimp has a one - window mode now
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` sudo tee''
you can also move the mouse to the right side of the screen.
i'm not sure, but i'd say 6. 3 gb free for your main disk
i'm not sure how to do that
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's already fixed
i'm not sure what you mean by reboot.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` all my upgrades from the internet''
i didn't burn the cd as slowly as possible
you can disable it, but it's not recommended.
i'm not sure how to do that
i'm not sure, i'm using pbbuttonsd
you can encrypt the volume with the alternate installer
i'm not sure, but i've been programming for over 20 years ( to varying degrees )
i'll look at it, thanks
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to get the latest version of ubuntu
i'd say you should wait until april next year for 9. 10 to be supported
i'm not sure what the inet6 module is, but i'm sure it's a common problem.
you can also use the alternate cd, it's text based
you can install rosegarden2 and rosegard4 packages.
i'm sorry, i don't know what you mean by ` ` freeze''
i don't run as root, i run as a user
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's possible.
you can use'filepath for the hive'to get the values.
i'm not sure what to tell you
i'm not sure, i'm on the other computer right now
i use the flash from the package manager. however, you can install the same using medibuntu repos or ubuntu tweak works fine on mine
i'm not sure, i'm on 4. 4
i'm not sure,, i'm on a laptop
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there are some good ones
i know, but i'm not sure how to get flash working on linux
i'm not sure what you mean by quick response
i'm not sure what the default size is in profile prefs
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there are some tutorials on the net
what are you trying to do?
meta - package is a dummy package that contains meta - packages that are used to satisfy a specific need.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` root''
you can try running synaptic and see if it's still running
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's a good idea
you can use the boot manager to configure your bios to boot from cd
i've renamed tons of files to utf - 8
what does ` ` lspci grep - i vga'' say?
ok, so you're on a router, right?
i think it's 12 months support
you can also use the ssh command from your laptop and then setup the proxy exacty the same way on your laptop
i dont know how to do that
you can run them in a shell with ` ` loadkeys''
you need to add the backports repository to your sources. list
you're using a laptop with no floppy attached?
i'm not sure about itunes, but i'd say itunes is a good choice for your needs
i'm not sure, but i'm sure you can boot into ubuntu with enabled compiz
i'm not sure what to tell you
i'm not sure what happened, but i'm sure it's been a while since i've had a power failure
i'm not sure what to do with it
i'm not sure, i've never used it
i don't know, i do nt use gnome.
i'm running 23. 1. 1, but i'm not sure how to change doc - view - continuous to doc - content
i've tried the card on another computer card reader.
you can use a program called ` ` dig'' to dig through your log files
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` write files''
i'm not sure what you mean by proposed repos
i'm not sure, but i'd try traceroute
i'm not sure, i'm using kde
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's possible
i'm not sure, but i'm sure you can find a way to disable desktop effects in system preferences appearance
ok, now you need to edit filepath
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to help
you need to install libdvdcss2 first, then install libxine - extracodecs
ok, so you have a folder for temporary mountings - filepath - so you could do : sudo mount filepath filepath
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there are a few.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's in the. xmule directory
evolution is a good choice for that, but i'm not sure what you want
you can also check if your video card is supported by the restricted drivers manager
i have a second computeri dont know how to open the gui
i'm not sure if it's supported by ubuntu, but i'd say it'd be a good idea to try it
you can use the remote desktop viewer on windows to connect to your linux box
sudo is a command to run programs with superuser privileges ( ` ` root'' ). look at url for all information.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` awesome''
i think so, but i don't know
i'm not sure how to do that, but i'm sure there's a way to do it
you can use ` ` lspci'' to list the card
i'm not sure what to do with that
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's intentional.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a way to get firefox to work with 64. 233. 167. 99 as a web address.
i'm not sure how to do that
you're running the game now?
i'm not sure. i'm pretty sure it's a packet sniffer.
i'm not sure what you mean by chroot to the mounted drive.
i'm not sure what you mean by reinstall
i think you can just drag them to the icon theme tool.
you can use vim - full package to get the full vim
you can use 64bit for a macbook with a 64bit processor
you can also use sudo to get root privileges
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it would
i'll do that, i'll be back in a bit
i'd recommend a distro like ubuntu.
i don't know, i do nt use devilspie.
what did you download? exes don't natively work on linux, and the linux drives are generally hard to install
i think it's in the repositories
i have a broadcom wireless card and it works fine on my laptop.
i don't know, i've never used system restore
please watch your language and topic to help keep this channel family friendly.
i've been using ubuntu for about a year now
i'm not sure what you mean by altf2
i think you can check the logfiles by typing the command ` ` lsb _ release - a''
i suggest you run : sudo ln - s which mousepad filepath
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's a intel card.
i use itunes, but i don't know how to use it
i'm not sure what all happened to that config
because antialiasing isn't enabled by default in kubuntu
if you have a bad cable, try a different cable.
you can disable the root account by removing the sudoers from filepath
i'd use xmms, but i don't know how good it is
for i in { 1.. 60 } ; do rm file00i ; done
i'm not sure, i'm using the synaptics package manager
you can use gparted to resize the partition
i'm not sure what you mean by that.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it is
please don't flood, use url to paste, do nt use enter as punctuation.
ok, so you want to change your ntfs partitions?
i'm not sure what to tell you
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's out of date
i'm not sure if you can help me with that, but i'm sure you can get it done
i'm not sure what to do
i'm not sure, i'm just curious
i think you need to use the command rm filepath
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a way to check.
what happens when you try to connect to evolution?
i'm not playing enemy territory on kubuntu
i'm using totem, but i'm not sure how to play them
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's in the repos
i'm not sure, but i'd check the documentation for the wpa supplicant
i have now posted cups str 2722
i'm not sure, i've never used it.
i have the same problem ever since i installed the nvidia driver
i'm sure there is a work around
i'm not sure if you can get me the line that lists the nvidia card on lspci, but i'm sure i can
i'm not sure what that means.
okay, does dmesg show anything interesting?
you need to boot from a live cd and use it to do the work. silver6 in this thread has a good sugestion. url
i think you need to add the universe repository
you can check the debian forums for more info.
i'll do a new scribus - ng upload in a moment.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` ready''
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` add to panel''
i'm on the other monitor now, but i can't install nvidia - settings
you can get the official ubuntu repos for free
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there's a way to do it from the command line
you need to add the line ` ` filepath to the end of the file
i'm not sure how to do that.
you can use lines like in this sample file : url there are lines denoting colours and such
i'm not sure what the file is called
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's possible.
i'm not sure what to tell you
i'm not sure what kind of modem it is, but i'd guess it's a modemrouter
i'm not sure if it's worth the hassle.
it depends on how you are packaged
it's a matter of preference, but if you have more then 4gb ram, you should be fine
i'm not sure what to do with it.
i am not sure what you are trying to do
i'm not sure what you mean by copy and paste
i'm not sure, but i'm sure you can find it in the system - administration - hardware drivers
you can upgrade from 6. 06. 1 to dapper 6. 10. 1
i do not know, sorry.
i do not know how to run it
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` all hardware''
i'm not sure, i'm using hoary
i'm using the composite extension, but i'm not sure how to enable it
you need to dd the device file, not the mount point
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` which client''
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a way to do it, but it's not easy
i'm using xchat now, but i'm not sure if it's still in the repos
i think clamav is a good idea for linux
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a way to do it without a reboot
you can also use the command ` ` sudo fc - cache - v'' to search for hidden files
you need to register with freenode to be able to help people
i'm not sure on cmake the dir mentioned in mir isnt in cmake from jaunty
i'm not sure if ext3 is the same as ext4
i have a flash install, but i dont have the flash plugin installed
you can also use the command ` ` sudo nano filepath
no, but i'm sure there is
i'm not sure what you mean by integrated video
i'm not sure what to tell you
i had to delete the 3rd and installation files in the 4th
you can set horizontal to 4, the others to 1
you can use the command line to find out the name of the domain you want to connect to
you can also use the internet connection analyzer to see what is going on
i'm not sure what you mean by appearance
you can use a live cd to do that
what does'apt - cache policy libstdc5'say?
i'm not talking about servers, i'm talking about the security of the servers
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there's a way to do it manually.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's a bit late here.
what happens when you try to connect to the internet?
i'm not sure, i'm using the amd64 iso
you can use the command ` ` sudo blkid'' to see the drive
i'm not sure what to check
you can install it from the repositories, but you'll have to install it manually
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` new''
i'm not sure what to do with it.
i'm not sure what you mean by help.
you can use ctrl - a a, which sends a ctrl
i'm not sure what you're talking about.
i'm not sure, but i'd imagine it would be a good idea to have a 30'' monitor
i'm not sure, i don't use cron
i'm in brazil, but i'm sure you can get some sleep
i have no idea what that is
what happens when you try to start firefox?
i'm not sure, i've never used it
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it does.
i'm not sure how to do that, but i'm sure there is a way
i'm not sure, i'm on 10. 04
you need to chown k : k filepath chmod 0644 filepath assuming ` ` k'' is your username, of course
i think adept is the name of the package manager
i'm not sure, but i've heard of it.
i'm not sure what to do now
you can install source code from synaptic
i'm not sure if the ubuntu one is the same, but i'm sure it is
you can install it via netboot, but you need to install the os first
i would say about 8gb for filepath and as much as you want for file filepath
you can use the command line to check if you have ftp installed
you'll need the generic one too
i think so. i'm not sure. i think it's in the system preferences
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` nick's completion''
okay, i'll try that.
okay, now click on the wine application and click apply
i don't know, i have never used it
i'm trying to play it with mplayer
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there's a reason for it
i'm using it for a few days now
you want to know what wireless chip you have?
you can also use ` ` ps aux grep bb'' to find out what's running
i know, but i want to know which letters linux assigns to the ipod
i'm not sure how to do that
i'm not sure if grub2 has a completion feature.
i'll have a look at it, thanks
i'm not familiar with pdnsd. your best sources of information are probably man pdnd and looking in filepath
ok.. i'll try that. thanks
you can add it to the places menu
you're not supposed to reboot, are you?
because it's not supported here, and it'll break your system
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` ready''
i'm not sure what you mean by monkeys
i'm not sure, but i'd say it's encrypted
vmw is supposed to run anything that the host os will run
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` typo3 - quickstart''.
i'm not sure, but i think it's a script
i'm not sure, but i'd try it
i'm not sure what you mean by foreign ip, but i'm sure i've seen it done.
i'm not sure what you mean by rock - 1, but i'm sure it's rock - 2
you can boot windows to a live cd and fix the master boot record
you're trying to install ubuntu as root?
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's a bug
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's possible.
google earth is a free software, ubuntu is not a supported derivative of ubuntu. please seek support in linuxmint - help on irc. spotchat. org
you can set the dns ip in network manager, it will create resolv. conf for you
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there are some sftp clients that can do it
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` cd''
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a way to do that
what package are you trying to install?
i'm not sure, but i'd imagine you could use rdp
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` less passwords''
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's possible
i'm not sure, i'm using sftp on gentoo
you can do a clean install of 10. 04
sudo su will give you root privileges, and you can use your tab key for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it does
i did not remove pulseaudio, i just installed the package
i would suggest you just install python - support from karmic
you can also use the command line to set the bit rate and other things
i have a full install on my vmware
i'm not sure if i can get a local box to do akamai, but i'm sure i can do it
i'm not sure what you mean by'allowedusers '
i'm not sure if it's a perl script or a perl program
i'm not sure what to tell you.
i'm not sure what mesa is, but i'm sure it's a good idea
you need to add the repos to your sources. list
i'm not sure, i've never used kde4
i'm not sure what you mean by private message window
i'm not sure, i'm just curious if it works with ntfs shares, as i heard even with a samba client i would only beable to read, not write
i'm not sure, but i'm sure you'll get better results
i'm on 64 bit, but i'm not sure if it's a problem with the flash plugin
you can make a usb creator from the cd
i think there's a howto or something at url
i don't know, i'm not sure.
i'm not sure, but i've heard that it's possible to install it from the sun website
i am booting up as we chat, it has stalled at a screen that talks about ubuntu haveing no warenties
you can also do ctrl alt bksp
you can also install the package ` ` azureus''
i don't understand mv foof - r? or mv - r filepath
i'm not sure what you mean by linduxed ssh
i'm not sure what to do then.
what does sudo fdisk - l say?
i'm not sure what to tell you.
i'd upgrade to 9. 04 if you want to be sure.
i think you need to run acpi = off
i'm not sure, but i'm sure vista will be fine
i'm not an archive admin, but i'm sure i can do it.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there are plenty of females over 24
i'm not sure, i've never used it
you can install ubuntu on a debian partition, but you'll have to reinstall grub
it kills the processes with'league'in them
su is disabled by default in ubuntu.
i'm dutch, das ist nicht nur gezichtig, dass du ubuntu von cd starten
i'm not sure, i've never used kde
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` all the way''
you can get flash, adobe, adblock, adzilla, and others for amd64
i'm not sure what happened, but i'm sure it's a bug
i think you need to install the nvidia - glx package
i'm not saying that, i'm saying that it's a crime against humanity
i've registered with nickserv, but i'm not registered with freenode
i'm not sure if it's a problem with nv or not
i'm not sure what that means
i'm not sure if it's the same one, but i'm sure it'll be fixed.
i'm not sure, i've never used open source drivers
okay, now try to login there's a few other things we can try too
i'm not sure how to do that
i'm not sure, i've never seen that issue
i have konqueror, but i don't know how to do that
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` what's the output of lspci''
i'm trying to get into the directory from the ssh server
i'm not sure, but i'm sure skype doesn't lock the device.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure they will work
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` install ndiswrapper''
i'm trying to rebuild it with libgfortran - 4. 1
you can install xfce with apt - get install xserver - xorg - video - intel
you can install webmin from the ubuntu repositories
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` mount''
i'm not sure what to do about it
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a way to tell if your filepath is gone
i would try using ffmpeg - i input to see if it's a good video or a bad one
i have enabled it in the keyboard prefs
i'm not sure what you're talking about
i'm not sure what that means, but i'm sure i didn't do anything wrong
i'm not sure, but i'm sure feisty is pretty stable
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it does.
you can try to remove the file with sudo rm - r. filepath
i think so, but i don't know how to do it
i'm not sure what you mean by loop
ok, now, open software centre, then go to edit menu, and select software sources.
i'm not sure, but i'd suggest ruby or perl
you can use apt - get to install the tarball, but it's not recommended.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure i'll find out.
i'm not sure. i'd say ntfs for win - xp would be a bad choice too.
i think you can do that with a bridge.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` howto''
i'm not sure, i'm pretty sure it's a fake raid device
grub is the default ubuntu boot manager. lost grub after installing windows : url - making grub floppies other grub howtos : url
you can also remove the vmware package and install vmware - server
i'm looking at the mysql log, but i'm not sure how to find out what's causing the problem
i don't know, i'm not sure
you can use the'ls'command to convert plain text to html
you can install programs from the internet, but you don't need to download anything from the web.
i'm not sure, i'm using nvidia - settings
you can change the hostname in filepath
i'm not sure what to do with autoconf
you can also use the ccsm tool to reset the gconf settings.
i'm not sure, i've never had that happen
i'm not sure what to tell you
you could use winscp to get into the windows machine remotely - - but i don't know how to do that.
i've tried building without the wrapper, but it's not easy
ok, now you need to install the driver
i'm not sure what you mean bybits.
vim is a great editor for editing and modifying critical files
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a way to do it without sudo
i'm not sure what to tell you
i'm not sure, but i think it's a theme.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's possible
i'm not sure what it is
i'm not registered so i cant write to you
i'm not sure, but i think it's a binary itself
you can use easyubuntu to install the packages you want
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` dinner''
you can use uuid to specify the filesystem
i'm not sure, i've never used it
skype is free for pc to pc calls - for extended service, you need to pay up emoji
i'm not sure, i'm using xfce
you can check in filepath for the driver
i'm not sure what you mean by single user mode
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` stop''
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a way to do that
you can install the ntfs - 3g driver from the repositories
i'm not sure what you mean by compiling for learning.
i don't think you need to, why do you needto?
you can set up the desktop to start at boot
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is.
i'm in the right directory, but i'm not in the correct local directory
i'm not sure what that means
you can also use the alternate cd to upgrade
you're not running firestarter, are you?
i'm not sure, but i've heard that it's buggy
i have tried zoneminder, but it doesn't work
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` install all of the restricted formats''
you can use free scape to create a partition on the hdd
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's a bug
i think you could, but i don't know how
i think so, but i'm not sure
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's in the archive
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` not installed''
i'm not sure if there is a ppa for thunderbird 3
you're running a 64mb processor?
i don't use docs, i use spreadsheets
i'm not sure if it's ext4 or ext3, but i'm sure it'll be ext4
i'm not sure how to concatenate the file name, data _ 9 _ 28 _ 2008. tar. gz
i'm not sure, but i've heard that you can use the alsa mixer to adjust the volume
i'm not sure, but i've never used mepis.
you can delete the ` ` my books'' folder.
i'm going to try to use it after my install
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's in the repos
i'm in the last column, first column
i'm not sure if it's a bug or not
i'm not sure how to configure it in windows
i'm not sure what you mean by destination.
i don't know what you mean by ` ` dkms''
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a way to do it
you can use sudo to run a command as root
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there are some.
i mean gedit, not gedit.
you can install it from the package manager
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` hosed boat''
i think you need to set the wpa _ supplicant to use iwpriv
i'm not sure what you mean by nick number
you can put a in front of the line in filepath
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's possible
i'm not abusive, i'm just trying to help you
the lists of sites named in the file filepath
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` cache''
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` aiglx''
you're trying to install a package?
i'm not sure, but i've heard that linux is more secure than windows
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to help you
i'm not sure what apt wants to do with it.
i'm not sure, i'm using kde
i think bum is a bit more advanced than bum
i'm not sure what you mean by chmod
i think it was 8. 04, but i don't remember
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's a good idea.
i'm not sure what you mean by crackish.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there's a lot of people who don't like xfce
you can use gksudo with gui apps
i think it is, but i don't know
i'm not sure how to do that with find. - name ` `. java'' - exec mv { } { } prefix - { }''
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` dpkg''
i dont think pulse is the problem, i think pulseaudio is the culprit
you can backup filepath and filepath if you want
i'm not sure how fast it would be, but i'm sure it would have been faster
ok, now type in mplayer and press tab
i'm not sure, i've never seen that.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's a fork
i think you can burn the iso as a data cd..
you'll need madwifi for that card..
i'd just delete the files you mentioned, and then reinstall
you can also do a rm - rf filepath
i'm not sure what you mean by privacy.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` not the place''
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` universe''
you can install the ose version from the virtualbox site
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's possible
i'm not sure, i'm using irssi
i'm not sure, but i'd say nvidia is better supported than ati
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it does
i'm not sure, i've never used it
ok, what file system is it using?
i use xchat, but i don't use it
i'm not sure what the problem is, but i'm sure there's a solution
i'm not sure, but i'd imagine it would be 85
i'm not sure, i'm using the latest version of gcc - 3. 4
i'm not sure, but i'm sure he wouldn't have been using wubi anyway
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` not installed''
i'm not sure about wear, but i'm sure it's a good idea to have a fat32 partition for filepath
i don't know, i do nt think it's wpa - psk
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a way to do it
i'm not sure what to do now
try'ps aux grep amar'and see if you get anything.
i'm gon na try another free hosting service lol.
you can put cat5 cables between one another, but i don't know how.
i'm not sure, i'm just a newbie
i'm not sure what to do with it.
i'm not sure if that will work, but i'm sure it will
you can also use the mount command to set up a folder on your ` ` c :''
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it used to work.
i'd recommend you just reinstall.
it's usually a ` ` sudo make uninstall''
i'm not sure, but i'd think so
you can set up a virtualhost on your home directory, but you'll have to configure the host to use the virtualhosts you want
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` the whole desktop''
i'm not sure how to do that.
i'm not sure about firestarter, but i've never used it.
you need to install media libs for that
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` all drivers''.
i'm not sure what you mean by batch script.
i'm not sure, i'm a bit new to midi
you can use unplugging to stop traffic from passing through
suspend suspends the comp to ram, while hibernate turns the computer completely off saving the state to the hdd
i'm not sure what to tell you about that.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there are some tutorials on the web
i'm not sure if btrfs is stable enough for usage.
did you install the nvidia driver?
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's implemented.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` on the screen''
i'm not sure. i'm using the latest version.
you need to change the shbang line in filepath to! filepath
you can ssh into your nas from outside world, but you need to specify sshfs port
you can set a stickybit on executables to be able to execute them as a normal user with root privileges though
i'm not sure if you can resize ext2 or ext3 partitions, but i'd imagine you could
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there are many types of dat files
i'm not sure what you mean by primary.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there are some good alternatives
i'm not sure, i've never used xchat
i'm not sure what you mean by bare
vnc is a protocol for remote desktop. url describes how to use it securely. it works best over fast connections, otherwise look at! freenx
i'm not sure, i'm just curious about the new release
you can download xubuntu if you want
i'm not sure if it's a bug or not, but i'm sure it'll be in the bug tracker
you can see what word is in the output of the command, but not the output from the command
i don't know much about netbooks, but i'd say it's probably best to get a netbook with intel graphics
i'm not sure how to do that
you need to install the real player
i'm not sure, i'm using the network manager
i think you can use tab for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
i'm not sure, but i think it's a spec
i'm using crossover office, but i'm not sure how well it works
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there's a way to do that.
i'm not sure how to do that in nautilius
i think i found it. i'm not sure.
i'm not sure what you mean by ctrl - s
i'm not sure if that's what i'm looking for.
what does'file mingwstudio'say?
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` illegal token''
i'm not sure, i'm using gnome on a laptop
i think it's the same as the driver in kopete
you want to do some djing right??
you need to change the options in the modulename
i'm not sure what to do with it
i'm not sure, but i've never seen that before
i'm not sure if unity is still running, but i'm sure it is.
you can also try ` ` route add''
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there's a way to set one
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` gedit''
you need to mark a partition for manualy
you can upgrade from breezy to dapper if you want
i'm not sure what the hype is about it
you need to set up a ftp account
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` plague''
you can install it from the repositories
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's possible
i'd try ` ` sudo apt - get update'' followed by ` ` sudo sudo aptitude - f install'' and see if that fixes teh flash download issue
i'm on 6. 06, i'm trying to install the build - essential package
i have no idea what you mean by ` ` works''
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` display''
i'm not sure how to do that
i'm not sure how to do that.
i think it works with ubuntu, but i dont know how
you can use the package manager to search for files in the package
i'm not sure what to do with it
you're not going to be able to boot into windows without rebooting the xp box
i'll do it, but i'm not sure how to do it in the meantime.
i dont know.. i dont use xchat.. i use x - chat..
no, you need to use sudo to do it.
i think it's a while loop
i'm not sure, but it's supposed to be around 35 - 40 here
you can use the entire disk, but you shouldn't be able to do that
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there are some good tutorials on the irssi website.
i'm not sure. i've never used it.
i think it's a nautilus actions configuration tool
you can use the - f option to make it fat32
i'm using teamviewer, but i'm not sure what the application is called
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` foot in his posterior''
i'm not sure, but i'm sure i'll be fine with jaunty
you can download the 32bit version from url
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` i don't have an ip addy for ra0''
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` fix''
you can install the latest version from the kubuntu website
okay, now try running ` ` xfce4 - terminal'' from the xterm
i'm not sure if you can get a working bootcd. but i'd try a 32bit bootcd maybe.
escott : i'll be back in a bit
i'm not sure, but i'm sure i'll check it out.
you need to add the nameserver to the end of the file
i'm looking into it, but i'm not sure if it's possible to install 32 - bit nvidia drivers on 64 - bit ubuntu
i'm not sure what you are trying to do.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is
i'm not sure i'm following you there but that's ok
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` it's evil''
i think it is in filepath but i don't know where
i think it's a bug in the compiler
i'm not sure, but i'd imagine it would.
you'll need to enable the nvidia driver.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is.
i'm using the nvidia 9631 driver
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` i'm a noob''
i am only a bot, please don't think i'm intelligent emoji
i'm not sure what you mean.
i'm not sure what package i'm using.
i think you need the 386 iso
i'm not sure, i've never used it
you need to change your user password
right click on the panel, click add to panel, choose your app. rince and repeat
there are no viruses for linux, but there are some spyware programs for linux.
wine is a compatibility layer for running windows programs on filepath see url for more information.
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that it's not a good idea to have kdm be full screen
i think so, but i don't know
i don't know, i do nt think there is
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a way to do that
i'm not sure what you mean by sequential upgrades
you need to install the gstreamer - mad package
i'm not sure, but i'd bet it's a bug in the bios
it's not touching your hard drive, it's scanning your harddrive
i think it's already in the ubuntu repos
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there's a lot in there.
i'm running the latest version of gcc
i'm not sure, i'm using kubuntu, but i'll try that
i'm not sure, i've never used pubkeyauthentication
i'm not sure if it's possible to get a list of all the bugs in lp, but i'm sure there's a list
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` upgrade''.
i'm not sure, but i'd say it's probably a good idea to check the power supply.
you can install packages from the internet, but you'll have to download the packages manually
i don't know, i'm not sure how to do that
i'm not sure, i've never used 7. 04
i'm not sure, but i think it's a good idea to have a filepath partition for filepath
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there's a package for it
i'm on feisty, but i'm not sure if it's out yet
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a way to do it
okay, now, do you have permission to view the contents of ` ` windows''?
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to figure out how to get the files. tgz and files. tar. gz back
i think he is running from a livecd
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there's a way to fix it, but it's not easy
i'm trying to connect to the server from my linux box
you can kill the gnome display manager
i'm not sure. i'm pretty sure you installed it with apt or compile it yourself.
you can use the script to do that
i'm not sure if there is a list of webcams that work 100 in ubuntu 9. 04
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's a good idea to go for hoary.
i'm not religious, i just want to know how to use the internet
i'm not sure, i'm on a livecd right now
i'm not sure what to tell you.
i'm not sure, i'm using dapper
i don't know, i've never used lvm.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` improvements''.
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to get it to work
calm is impossible for me right nowi'm just trying to get my computer to work
you can use the : to rename files
i'm not sure how to do that, but i'm sure there is a way
you can use pdftk to join multiple pdfs
i'm not sure, but i'd guess you'd have to install ndiswrapper first
you could also use a wrapper around the command, to check the uid before executing.
i'm not sure what chroot is, but i'm sure it's chroot
you can also use'sortab'to auto complete my nick
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` bindings''
ok. now, open a terminal and type sudo nano filepath
i think you should be able to get a ps3 card from url
it's a matter of opinion.
i'm not sure, but i'd say it's the safest thing out there
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's a daemon
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's been a while since i've had to do that
i am asking about upgrading ubuntu. i love ubuntu so want to have it there.
i've used 64 bit ubuntu for a long time, and i've found it to be a lot faster
what are you trying to burn?
i'm not sure, i'm a bit of a noob myself
i'm not sure how to change it
i think you should touch a metal screwdriver first
i'm not sure what might have caused it.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a way to do it
i think you need the plugin for java webstart.
i'm not sure what you mean by command line
you can also use the ` ` kernel'' parameter to get a list of boot options
i dont know, i dont use netbook remix
you can use gparted to format ntfs partitions
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's in the repos
i don't think so, but i've never had a separate filepath partition
you can mute the pc speaker in the sound output.
you can use ntfs - 3g to write to nt partitions.
i'm using gparted, but i'm not sure how to use it
ext2 is faster, but journaling is slower
try thest two commands : dmesggrep - i conex and dmesgrep - d bt8
i have a 60 hz tft with 60 hzer
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there's a flash plugin for linux
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is.
i have a g4 imac with a g3 processor
you can try installing the flashplugin - nonfree package from the package manager
i'm not sure, i'm using nv
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` checking all filesystems''
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` play music from your workstation''
you shouldn't need to reboot just type in terminal - sudo filepath restart
i don't think so, but i'm not sure.
you can install the package firefox - 3. 5 and firefox 3. 5 - gnome - support ff3. 4
i'm not sure what to do with that
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` over range''
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a fish source somewhere.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` install''
i'm not sure, i'm sure there is a fix in the repos
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` not destructive''
i'm not sure what you mean by html
i'm not sure what to tell you.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` f install''
i'm not sure, i'm using 9. 10
i'm not sure what that means, but i'm sure it's a known bug
i get permissions denied with the ro option
i think it's a bug in the kernel
you can also use bash to learn bash
i'm not sure what to do with it.
please don't flood, use url to paste, do ntfs - 3g or ntldr as punctuation.
i'm not sure, but i'd expect it to be stable
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there are some
i don't know, i'm not sure. i've never used mp3s.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a way to do that.
you can use gksu to edit it, but you'll have to use sudo to edit the repository list
i'm not sure what you mean by wheel
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` maurizi. lan''
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` stop working''
you can move the users home folder to another location, but you'll have to do it manually
i'm not sure what you mean by extended partitions.
i'll try to reproduce it, thanks
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's a known bug
i have the link does it have gui
i think you need to chmod the bin file
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` windows boot string''
i'm not looking for a flamewar, i'm looking for an evaluation of the performance of the os
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it'll work
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's a sarcastic statement.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's in the wiki
i'm not sure if it's a good idea to have a vista machine with a vga compatible controller
no, you would need to save the private key
i'm not sure, i've never had a problem with hard drives
i'm not sure, i've never used vmware
i think i found the correct one
i'm trying to make a virtual drive
you can run both on the same machine
i don't think you can install programs with apt - get
i'm not sure what to tell you.
wine is a compatibility layer for running windows programs on filepath see url for more information.
i'm not sure if that will help, but i'll try it.
you need to install the ati driver
what is the output of sudo fdisk - l
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` for developers''
i'm not sure what to do with it
i'm not sure how to do that
i'm not sure what you mean by tab
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a way to do that
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a way to fix it
you can remove them with the package manager
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's possible to do that.
what does ` ` ls - l filepath say?
i think you can use this to append a line : echo ` ` new line for your file'' cat filename - filename
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` all the directories in''
i think there are a few, but i don't remember the name
i use amarok, but it's not really a media player.
i think you can use the apache2 - help package to specify a config file for apache
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's hardware.
you can, but i'm not sure how
i think you need to register to join
i'm not sure, but i've heard that tvtime will be able to use it
i'm not sure, i'm using compiz - config - settings - manager
i'm not sure. i'm just trying to figure out what the problem is.
you can also use the command'ffmpeg'to convert the video to a real file
because it's nonsense. i'm not sure what you're saying.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there's a way to check the md5 and sha sums
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` it's not in universe''
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` sudo - i''
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there's a way to do it.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure you can paste it here
you can run it from the command line.
i think you need to configure the card to use the dsp of the bt878 card
i'm not sure if it's in the ec2 - init trunk, but i'm sure it'll be in the ubuntu package
i think i found it.. i'll try that..
i think shiftdel is in gnome 2. 14, but i don't know
you can install it with sudo tasksel
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's a good idea to use source.
i'm not sure, i'm using the latest ati drivers
you can use wine to run itunes
i am not a dev, but i am sure i will be able to help you
i think i found it, thanks
i'm not sure, i've never used nvidia
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there are some
i'm not sure how to do that.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is
i'm not sure what you mean by reinstall
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it was
what exactly are you trying to do? include one script in another?
i'm not sure what you mean by bridge
i'm not sure, but i've heard that there's a lot of people who don't need antivirus on linux
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` intercepting''
i think you can do that with a virtual machine
i'm not sure what to do with it
i'm not sure, i've never used jaunty
i'm not sure if mplayer - plugin is installed by default, but i think it's installed by the package manager
i'm not sure if it's possible to get ipv6 working on a local lan, but i'm sure it'll work on a host
i'm not sure, i've never used photorec
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` install''
i'm trying to get my wireless working
please watch your language and keep this channel family friendly.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure abchirk knows
i'm talking about indicators, not systray
i'm not sure if it's available in the places menu, but i'm sure there is
i'll try that, thanks
i think you can do that, but i don't know how
i think you should be able to install it from the cd
i'm not sure, i'm on a wired connection
you can also do ` ` sudo apt - get update''
i'm not sure, i've never used cdrecord
you can open ports with a firewall
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a way to do that
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to get it to work
i'm not sure how to open it
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there are some good ones
vnc is a protocol for remote desktop. url describes how to use it securely. it works best over fast connections, otherwise look at! freenx
i'm not sure what that means
you need to add the repo's to your sources. list
i'm not sure what fetish you have, but i'm sure you'll find something
i'm using audacity to record my sound
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` clean''
please don't flood ; use url to paste ; do nt use enter as punctuation.
i'm not sure how to do that.
you can also try aplay - l to see if it shows the card
i know, but i'm not sure how to get it to work
i think so, not 100 sure though, i only come here to freenode.
i'm not sure, i've never used jackd
i'm not sure, but i'd expect it to
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` not showing icons''
i'd say yes, but i've never noticed any difference
i'm not sure, but i'm sure you can get azureus to run in a terminal
i think it has been replaced by libreoffice
you need to make the file executable before you can execute it
i don't know, i do nt think it was closed
please don't flood, use url to paste, do ntfs - 3g or ntldr as punctuation.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's in the ubuntu - meta package
i'm not sure if that's what you're looking for, but it's possible
i'm not sure about that. emoji
you should be able to boot from the cd
i'm looking at a new laptop right now, but i'm not sure if it's worth the hassle
ubuntu is still free. your time may not be, but ubuntu is.
i'm not sure what you mean by connect ( ) scan
i'm not sure what you're talking about
i don't know, i do nt use network shares
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a way to do that
i'm not sure, but i've heard that the turbo button is a good thing.
i'm not sure, i've never used dnsmasq
you can use sudo to do root stuff
ext4 is the default filesystem on ubuntu. for more information and troubleshooting on ext4 please refer to url
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that it's not a server - side issue
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is.
i'm not sure, i'm on a laptop
i'm not sure, i'm afraid i don't know
you can use samba to access windows shares.
i think you should try it out, if you dont like it you can just logg - on gnome again
you need to change the permissions of the other session
i'm not sure, but i think it's a good idea to install ktorrent
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there's a bug somewhere
please don't flood, use url to paste, do ntfs - 3g or ntldr as punctuation.
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that i've never used it
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` not installed''
you can add panels to the tv
i'm not sure what to do with it
i'm not sure, but i've heard that it's possible to do it with the nvidia driver
i'm on a mac, so i don't know what you mean by mac
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's already in universe.
you can set up vnc on ubuntu server, but i don't know how to do it on atlanta
you can also do a symlink to it to a dir that is already in your path.
you can not log in as root.
i'm not sure, i'm using the alpha version of python 3. 00 alpha
i'd go with 8. 10, but i'm not sure if it's worth the hassle
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` working''
you can run windows inside ubuntu, but you will need to install windows first
i'm trying to fix my xorg. conf
you can use a2ensite name of conf to enable the site
you can use ` ` shutdown'' to stop a computer
you need to change the driver from'nvidia'to'nv '
you can set one in filepath if you want
i have a cannon. i dont see it in dolphin console
i'm not familiar with synaptic, but i think so
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` unreachable''
i'm not sure what you mean by system session
you can use the terminal to embed the terminal into the desktop
i'm not sure if it's a regression or not
i'm not sure if that's what you're looking for
i'm not sure, i'm using a laptop
you can also remove the apache related packages and reinstall them
i'm not sure if you can do that with root partition mounted.
i'm not sure, but i've never heard of it.
because it's a bit more trouble than it'll be worth imo
you can change the orientation of notify - osd to east gravity
i'm not sure what the layout is, but i'm sure it's the layout
i'm not sure what you mean by breaking your entire installation
i'm not sure, i'm using the smp version of 686
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is.
i'm not sure what to tell you
i'm not sure what you mean by dselect
i think compiz - fusion is installed by default, but you can remove it if you want
ok, now try sudo mount - t ntfs filepath filepath ls filepath
i'm not sure. i've never used ntfs - 3g. i think it's supposed to be able to read ntf partitions.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` names''
i'm not sure, i'm using the latest version
i'm not sure, i've never used a printer
i'm not sure, i'm using a proxy
i did, but i didn't find anything
i'm not sure, i'm using the restricted extras package
you can also use the mouse switch to switch the mouse type
i'm not sure how to do that.
i don't know, i'm not sure if it's possible with epiphany though
i think real player is in the repositories
i'm not sure. i'm on ppc.
ok, i'll have a word with mdz about it
what does'ls - l filepath say?
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a package for that
crimsun, i'm not sure, but i've heard that rpms can be used to sync pci cards
i think it's possible to do that with scp
you can use a combination of desktop effects and xinerama
i'm going to try that.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there's a way to do that
you can also use the kde desktop environment
i'm not sure, but i'd say it's a bit old
you need to chown - r admin filepath
i'm not sure what to do about that
i think you need to update the font - cache, i think
you can mount it with wine.
i'm not sure what to do with it
i'm not trying to help him. i'm trying to get him to stop repeating his question.
i am not sure if it is the same version as the one from virtualbox site or not
you can use the nvidia - settings package to set up the nv driver
you're trying to install ubuntu on a cd?
what does ps ax grep blue give you?
you can sign something with your private key so that someone can verify that it was yours using your public key
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` libx11 - dev''
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a way to do it
what kind of network device is it? a linksys usb2. 0 network storage dealy?
i think you need to install kwallet - manager
i think it's a good policy to put stuff there related to path
i've seen some tutorials, but they're all extremely complicated
i think filepath should do.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's possible
i am not sure, but i think it is a good idea to have a separate filepath for each distro.
i have universe main restricted multiverse in my filepath and the cdrdao package shows up in synaptic allright.
i'm not sure, but i'd imagine it would be a good idea to have a backup of your xorg. conf
i'm not sure, but i think it's possible that the battery is dying.
i'm not sure how to do that, but i'm sure there is a way
i think it is, but i don't know
i have a'powerbtn'in the file
you need to install the amsn package
you can start them with ` ` startx''
ok, hit esc, and the system will boot, your ram is error free : d
i'm not sure, i'm just testing it
you can also use the command ` ` ps aux grep services'' to list all services running
i'm talking about the router, not the internet connection sharing.
you will need to install the driver for your card
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` actual net interface''
you can also add yourself to the admin group
you can test the swap partition with ` ` sudo swapon - a''
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a way to do that
i'm not sure, but i'd say it's a pain to get 3d working in kde
i think it's called ` ` top''
i'm not sure, but i'd say it's a beta
you can use the command ` ` sudo apt - get install ppa - purge'' to remove the old packages
i've tried using notify - send from terminal but that also doesn't display anything
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` mute''.
i'm not sure, but i've seen cases where xine is fine and totem - xine isn't.
you can also use synaptic to install the source
open firefox and go to a flash page
you can reinstall grub to the mbr of the disk you are booting from.
what do you mean by two lines in a black screen?
i'm not sure if it's in intrepid's repos, but i'm sure it'll be in intruder's repo.
because sudo is designed to do a lot of different things.
i think there is a package called ` ` lincity''
i'm not sure what you're talking about
you need to install the flash plugin for adobe's site
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it does
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` dvd playbackstudy''
i have a d630 and it works fine
i'm not sure how to do that
i'm trying to watch through the files, but i can't watch through them
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` compare''
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` home. xfce directory''
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there's a way to do it, but it's not easy.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` help''
you can set it to run every night
i think barry is the only programe for blackberry.
i'm not sure, but i'd say it's probably best to wait a week
i think so, but i don't know
i'm not sure how to do that
i'm not sure. i've never had a problem with kde in fluxbox.
you can remove the config file in your home folder
what does it say about the plugin?
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's possible with a different setp
i'm not sure, but i've heard that it's a known bug.
i'm not sure what you mean by unstable
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` a reasonable idea''
i'm not sure if there is a free ntfs driver for ubuntu, but i'm sure there is
i'm not sure how to do that, but i'm sure there is a way
i'm not sure how to fix that.. have you tried browsing the forums? emoji
i'm not saying that, i'm saying that linux is better than windows
i think u can install it with apt - get install unrar
i'm not complaining about 7. 10, i'm complaining about the new kernel
i'm not sure what you're trying to do.
i'm not sure, but i'd check out the linksys website.
i'm not sure, i'm afraid
you should see the colored prompt now..
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a setting somewhere in squid's config that will allow you to do that.
i'm trying to install xfce on my laptop
i'm not sure. i've never used vmware.
i'm not sure, i'm using kde now, but i'll try to figure out how to save them
i am not sure,,, i have heard of this however,, let me search it to see what i can come up with hold on
you can install webmin or ebox, and use their easy - to - use web interfaces to manage samba shares if you so wish
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a way to get it working
you can also use the command ` ` sudo apt - get install sun - java6 - plugin sun - j6 - fonts conky pidgin whatever''
you need to enable the service you are trying to connect to.
ok, so you have the same repositories as i do, but you have a different version of ubuntu?
i think you can remove the old one and just install the new one
i'm not sure, i've never used it
i've used it for a while, but i've never had any problems with it
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a way to do that
you can also use gparted to create a fat32 partition for the pendrive..
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` internet doesn't work with a ubuntu 6. 10 live cd''
i have this pendrive url i bought today from online e commerce website
you need to let the installer format your partitions, yes
i'm not sure how to solve it.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` not working out''
i think i found it, thanks
i'm not sure what you mean by ` `. run''
i am trying to configure the users and put every other use in the user list file
you can dd if = filepath of = diskimage. iso, but you need to specify the image to mount it.
i'm not sure what to do with it.
i'm not sure what to tell you
you can use the command ` ` sudo modprobe - r module''
i think i got it thanks klrsp1
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a way to do it
because vmware player doesn't have a cd drive
you can also try altf2 and type konsole there.
you can also use the free software drivers for your isp
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a way to do it
i'm not sure, i've never used pop3
i'm not sure, i'm using the restricted drivers manager
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` when moving multiple files''
i have ` ` root hard nofile 30000'' and ` ` root root hard 30000
you can also use the command ` ` sudo fdisk - l'' to list all partitions on sda
i would use the os only for that application in this customer project on the toughbook.
you can use debian testing packages, but they are not in ubuntu
ok, i'll try that.
i think it's better to use the keyboard for klipper
i did that but it didnt work
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` assign''
wireless documentation, including how - to guides and troubleshooting information, can be found at url
i'm sure there are some good reasons for that
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` mine''
you can run windows server on linux, but you will never find a linux server that will function like a windows server.
i'm not sure, i've never used vnc
i'm not sure how to do that
you can also try booting into recovery mode and selecting ` ` fix x''
i'm not sure how to ping to a specific port.
i'm not sure, i'm using ubuntu on a laptop
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` f''
you need to chown the user to the group you want to change ownership to
i'm not sure if they sell os based laptops for linux, but i'd say they do
rm - rf this that theother will do it
i'm not sure if that's what you're looking for.
i'm not sure, i've never used yum
you can add yourself to the vbox group
i'm not sure if ff3 is still supported, but it's not a problem
i think it's a bug in update - manager.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` wireless''
i think it's called ` ` notification area''
i'm not sure if it's worth it, but i'm sure it'll be fine
i'm not sure what to tell you.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` install existing raid array''
i think you need to change the device in filepath
i belive ffmpeg - f video4linux2 - i filepath filepath
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` installer''
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a way to do it in linux
ok i will try that, thanks
i'm not sure how to do that
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there are some
i am not sure what you mean by ` ` operating mainly on the gui''
you can run flash, real, and java plugins in amd64 bit computers with firefox. see the steps to follow at url
i've tried that. lsusb lists the phone but it's not mounted as a filesystem and also not recognized as a modem.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` mount''.
itunes is not available on linux.
you can use'ls'to list all the files in your home directory
i'm not sure, i'm on a laptop
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` system configuration''
i'm not sure, i'm just curious
you've installed build - essential? pastebin your source file
i'm not sure what setserial is.
i'm not sure, but i'd guess it's in the repos.
i'm planning on getting the bt from launchpad
you can try booting from the cd and seeing if it boots up
i'm not sure, but i'd say you shouldn't have to worry about it.
i'm not sure what aumix is
i'm not sure, i've used a lot of different players, but i'm sure there are many
i'm not sure, it's been a long time since i've compiled it.
i'm not saying that, i'm saying that gentoo is better supported
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's in one of those two packages
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there's a way to fix it
i'm not sure what to do next
i'm not sure what the problem is
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's fixed in 9. 10
what does apt - cache search gstreamer0. 10 - pitfdll give you?
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` a filesystem''.
i think it's called usplash, the page i refered to is here : url
i'm not sure what to do with that
i think you can use ` ` screen - m'' to nest screens, its useful ( im using several now )
i'm not sure, i've never done it
i think you can do it with dd
i think it's a command to reset unity to defaults
i'm not sure what to tell you, but i'm sure you can tell me what the problem is
i've had that happen on a lot of laptops
i'm not sure how to remove it from kicker
i'm not sure what to do next
sudo is needed for root permissions, but you can use sudo for other things
i'm not sure, i've never used it
i'm not sure what to do.
i think you need to run kdesu systemsettings
i'm not a wow expert, but i'm sure others will.
i know, but i'm not sure how to do that
i'm not sure if audactiy can do it.. give it a try
i'm not sure, i've never used akonadi
because it's a module, not a kernel.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is.
i'm not sure, but i've heard that some people are able to get more than 5gb channels for 40 mhz
i'm not sure, but i'm sure i'll be able to help you out
i'm not sure, but i've had a few kernel panics recently.
i'm not sure how to do that
i'm not sure what you're talking about
i'm not sure, but i'd imagine you could use a web server, but that's not really an option
i'm not sure how to do that, but you could do it with lvm
i'm not sure what you're talking about
you can see in normal eyes, but not in normal ones.
you can use apt - on - cd to copy the c libraries to his filepath dir
please don't flood, use url to paste, do nix, do not use enter as punctuation.
you can try to mount the drive in some other machine and run fsck
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it will
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that it's not a good idea to use bzr on your own project or your own site
i'm not sure what to tell you
i'm not sure if it's possible to run 32 bit on a 64 bit system.
you can also use synaptic to install packages from repos
okay, i'll try that. thanks
i'm not sure if that's what you're looking for
if you are connected to a gigabit lan then your link will go at 100 as that is the fastest speed which both can do
you can install the headers from the cd, but you'll have to install the kernel from the dvd
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to get it to work
i'm not sure how to do that.
i'm using kde, and i'm not using gksudo.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure lamont has a good point
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a way to do it, but it's not easy
you can install it using the alternate cd
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` allok''
you'll need to change the browser's settings
you're welcome. good luck.
i think it's a bug in the installer
you can change the time in the power management settings
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` not working''
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's possible
i'm asking how to get the kernel source
you can use the same number as the partition you are currently in.
i'm not sure what to do with it
you can change the permissions of a different user's folder and its contents
i'm trying to play wow, i installed it but i cant see the game
you can add a user to the group for that directory
you can try installing kdebluetooth from the kde package manager
what happens when you issue the aptitude comands?
you can update the packages you want to upgrade to.
i'm not sure but the mysql guys informed me to do that. it must have system defautls.
i'm not sure, i've never used it
you can use the manual to make a new partition, but you'll need to make sure you have a swap partition
you can install it from the repositories
i'm not sure what the problem is, but i'm sure there's a solution
i'm not sure, but i'm sure rms would agree with that.
i'm not sure what you mean by export path
you can also use synaptic to remove the tarball
i'm not sure, but i'm sure someone will know
i'm trying to get a copy of my data to a ntfs partition
i think it's in the warty install
you can use the command line to run a game
please don't flood, use url to paste, do n use enter as punctuation.
you can also run : sudo apt - get install flashplugin - nonfree
what does ` ` ifconfig eth0'' say?
i think there is one but it is currently not working as w32codecs has mysteriously disappeard from the hoary - extras repository.
you can use the command line to do that
i think you are in the wrong place
you can use the command line to do that
you can add the repos you want to add
i'm not sure if you can get the cards of the others, but i'm sure you can
i'm not sure what the problem is
you can add it to the panel by right clicking on the panel and selecting add to panel
i'm not sure, i've never had that happen
please don't flood, use url to paste, do ntfs - 3g or ntldr as punctuation.
i think you can do it that way
you can use aptitude to install packages
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` icons''
i'm not sure how to do that
i'm not sure, i've never used it.
i'm not sure if it's possible to force it, but i'd be surprised if it didn't work
you can also do apt - get install jedit
i'm not sure, i'm using a live cd
i was born in 1972, so i was born around 1972
i'd say yes, but i'm not sure about the cost of electricity
i'm using nouveau, but i'm not sure if it's the same problem
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to get the latest kernel source
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` run''
i'm not sure what to do with it.
i'm not sure, but i'm pretty sure it does.
i'm not sure what the problem is.
you can check in the networking part what's your main network card
i'm not sure, but i'd say it's probably a good idea to check the battery usage
you need to check the filepath file
i'm not sure, i'm using a mbp
i'm not sure, i'm using the ubuntu repositories
you need to install ffmpeg, not ffmpeg
you would prolly change the permissions for folders to sudo chmod - r or - r o - rwx
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` free space''
i'm not sure if reburning it would help. i don't want to waste another cd.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` filepath
you can ssh into his machine from his machine, and then run the command ` ` ssh - x''
i'm not sure, i'm just curious
i'm not sure what to do with alienmindtrick.
you can use a partition editor to do that
i think you can use pre - stop to clean up the process
you can install x server on a server, but you'll have to reinstall the x server
i'd recommend you use the restricted drivers from nvidia's site.
i'm not sure what to do next
i'm not sure what to do with that
i'm not sure if that's the same as the one in dapper
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` working out of the box''
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` fonts''
grep ` ` xkblayout'' filepath give me output
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` nfs''
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` draw''
i'm not sure what you're talking about.
i'm not sure what you mean by mount
i'm using xfce, but i'm not sure how to enable it
you can type ` ` filepath ubuntu - offtopic'' without the quotes
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` not found''
i'm not sure, i've never used slashdot.
you can also adjust the cpu frequency in the system monitor.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's possible
i'm in china, but i'm not in chicago
i'm not sure, i'm afraid i don't know
please don't flood, use url to paste, do nt use enter as punctuation.
you can install it from the command line
you need to install the camorama package
i'd recommend nero, but it's a bit more stable.
i'm not sure how to do that
you can use gparted to format the partition ubuntu is on, yes you can use it
sudo is a command to run programs with superuser privileges ( ` ` root'' ). look at url for all information.
you can use the package manager to install it
i'd make a separate partition for filepath and filepath
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a solution
i'm not sure how to enable them
i think you need to mount the filepath partition
i'm not sure, i've never had a problem with hoary
i don't think so, but i'm sure there are plenty of people who do
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there's a way to do it.
i'm not sure, but i think it's a cdrom
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there are some.
ok, now i need the corresponding lspci - vvn'entry
i have it enabled in the ` ` configure plugins'' dialog
i mean in program development, that would be pidgin
i knowbut too late for that. i already formated it with a partition table
i have a repo for screenlets, but i dont have the repo enabled
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` checking that now''
find. - iname ` `. css'' grep - i ` ` background'' that gave me nada
you could try booting a live cd and see if it works there.
i think you need to set the audioout to be the same as the output of the command you ran
i have kxdocker, kxdock - configurator, kxxdocker - dcop, kxfocker - gdate, kdocker - taskmanager, klocker - trayiconager, kkxdocker
i'm not sure what you mean by nasty lookin
i think it's wheel, but i don't know
i'm not sure, i'm sure it's possible
i'm not sure, i'm using the livecd
you can order a free and original ubuntu cd from canonical, free of any charge
i'm not sure what to tell you
i'm not sure, but i'd try a live cd and fsck the drive
you can install the live cd and then install it from there
it is a meta package, not a meta - package
i'm not sure what the problem is, but i'm sure there's a way to get it working
you can set a password for a user with'passwd '
i have done that n1 times now :
you can remove the deps with apt - get remove package
ok, now you need to install flashplugin - nonfree
i'm not sure, but i'd imagine it would be a good idea to use lvm on the sd card only
i don't think so, but i'm not sure
i'm not sure, i'm sure there is a way to do that
i think it's called ` ` tracker''
you can reinstall grub, but you'll have to reinstall windows first
i am not sure, but i believe that there is a contact link on that page
i'm not sure how to do that
i'm not saying that it's bad. i'm saying that you don't need them.
sudo iwconfig adapter essid ` ` ap - name'' key restricted wepkey mode managed ap any power on
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` the two computers'', but i'm sure you can ping the same address.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` wireless''
i think it's around 50, but i'm not sure
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` static copy''.
i think it's a setting in the propterty page
you can also use swat to configure samba shares
i'm not sure if it's in the proposed queue yet
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that i've got the driver from ralink website.
you can use the live cd to fix it
i'm not sure. i'm sure it's a bug
i don't know anything about gpm.
you can also use ` ` echo path'' to see if it is in your path
you'll need to download the alternate cd.
i'm not sure what to do with that, but i'll try to connect again
i think you can get one from the cedega site
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to get the latest version of tor
what does the output of cat filepath say?
i'm not sure if filepath is the only entry in filepath
i'm not sure, i'm a font expert
i'm not sure if you can help me with that, but i'm sure you can get it done
i think it should mount with write enabled
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` dmesg''
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there are some good free alternatives
you could also use a port scanner to scan the port for a hacker.
you can use the tar command to install the package
i'm not sure, but i'm sure i've set up the router and the internet connection
you can get the restricted drivers from the ati site
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` not enough information''
i'm not sure what to do now
what are you looking to check for changes?
it's a way to speed up searches
i'm not sure if you can help me with that.. but i'm sure someone else can help you
i'm not sure, but i've never seen that
because it's not a php file.
you can set it to not do that
i'm not sure if you can do that, but i'm sure you can.
chmod 766 googleearthlinux. bin sh googleearth linux. bin
you can install the codecs from the package manager
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a way to do it
you can delete all of them.
you can also use the command line to restore the xorg. conf file
i'm not sure what that means.
you should be able to do that without any problems
i'm not sure, i'm using the nvidia driver.
ok, do you get a login prompt??
i think there is a command to do that
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it will be noticeable.
i'm not sure what to tell you, but i'm sure you can find it with apt - cache search bluetooth - properties
i'm not sure, i've never used it.
please don't flood ; use url to paste ; do nt use enter as punctuation.
you can use wubi to install windows, but you'll need to install a windows version of cmd
i'm not sure,. i'm sure there is a command to format a drive
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` sudo apt - get install program''
i'm not sure if it's possible to do that, but i'm sure it'll work
i'm not sure, i've never seen that
i think there is a plugin for divx
i have tried it, but it does not work
i'm not sure, i'm using debian - helper - scripts, but i'll try to find out if it's installed
i've heard that powernowd is better for laptops
i'm not sure, i've never had a problem with nforce4s
lfs is a linux filesystem. read url for information on installing and configuring lfs. it's a good place to start.
please don't flood, use url to paste, do ntfs - 3g or ntldr as punctuation.
i'm not sure what that means
you could set a different owner group of the file to run, then add users to the group who have access and have zero access for people not in the group
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there are some
i'm not registered, i'm just trying to help you
you can use winscp to put files on your xp machine
you can also use the command line to find out what the hostname is
i'm not sure, i've never used alabd
i'm not sure if hibernate is enabled by default in ubuntu, but i'm sure it's possible
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` all drives''
what does ` ` file cd. img'' tell you?
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` drawing of the circuit''
i'm in filepath and the first line is the filepath or whatever
you can use the package manager to search for j2re1. 3
i'm not sure what to tell you.
i'm not sure if you can get compiz fusion to work with ubuntu, but i'm sure you can
i don't know, i'm not sure
it's a utility that tells you which packages are installed and installed
i'm in china, but i'm not in chicago
i think there is a linuz acpi package
what do you mean by ` ` lay down''?
i dont see any reasion it wouldent see it and run it or just invoke it from the command line like chkdsk d : filepath
try altf2, and type ` ` gtk - window - decorator'' without quotes
you need to reinstall grub after installing windows.
i'm not sure what you mean by reinstall.
i'm not sure, i'm afraid i don't know how to help you
i think you need to add it to the boot conf file
i'm not sure what you mean by upgrade
try ` ` apt - get - f clean'' and see if that fixes it
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's possible
i am running off livecd, but i am running from livecd
i'm not sure, but i'd bet it's not.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` compiz''
i don't know, i do nt use it.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's possible
i'm not sure what shell is, but i'm sure it's a shell
i am trying to extract it into the directory where i am trying
i'm going to try that now
you can use the live cd to do that
you need to use tab completion to autocomplete the first few letters of a filename
you need to create a database with 2 tables.
i'm not sure what you mean by colon
i'm not sure, but i'm sure that you didn't install the correct packages.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's not a problem for the archive
you need to connect to irc. freenode. org, not irc - server
i'm not sure what to tell you.
i'm using suse for a while now
i've tried that, but it doesn't seem to work.
pastebin your xorg. conf and the output of ` ` sudo dpkg - reconfigure xserver - xorg''
i get error 23 error while parsing number. i think i'm not sure if you likecuz i've not used it
i'm not sure what you mean by vnc.
i'm not sure if it's a bug, but i've seen it happen with a few people
i think you need to unmount the usb stick
i'm not sure, i'm sure there is a way to check
i'm trying to install nvidia driver, but it says it's not installed
i'm not sure if most hackers build their machines from old parts
i'm not sure what to tell you.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` fiddling''
i dont think you can burn a cd to a dvd
you can upgrade to a newer version of ubuntu, but it's not recommended.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's in the ubuntu1 repos
i'm using the same mirror on all comps as well
i'm not sure, but i'm sure they're the same
i have 915resolution in intrepid, but i am in hardy
you can put it in the gnome menu
i'm using kubuntu as my main distro, i have hoary. how risky is to install breezy, is it more or less usable?
you can also use the crontab command to check whether it is running
i'm not sure, but i'm sure he wouldn't be able to resize win7 without loosing anything.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` read top - down''
i'm not sure if that's what you want.
i'm not sure how to do that, but i'm sure there is a guide
i think it's the same as the ulimit - a rule.
i think it is a swedish remix : ` ` ubuntu. se remix 4. 0''
you can use the control panel to configure the filepath
what video card do you have?
you need to use sudo tee - a
i'm not sure if you can configure it manually, but i'm sure you can
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` grep - ri word1. word [ 0 - 9 ] '
you can set it in the gnome settings
i'm not sure, but i'd say you shouldn't mess with virtualization
i'm not sure if it's in dapper, but i'm sure there is a backport for it
ok,,, i'll try that
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` set''
you can use xkb keys to set the layout of your keyboard
i'm not sure how to do that, but i'll try it
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` help''.
i'm not sure how to do that, but i'll try it
i think it's a factoid, not a fact
you can install it from the package manager
i'm not sure, i'm using hoary
you need to make sure that sda1 is the first partition on the partition
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` i'm trying to install 224m updates''
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` edit''
i'm not sure, i'm using it right now
i'm trying to install it, but i'm unable to locate package lamp - server
i have a mic enabled, but i have no balance levels
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` no - one''
i think there are php backports???
i'm not sure what you're talking about.
i'm not sure what you mean by shutdown, but i'm sure it's a shutdown
i am not sure what you mean by ` ` modprobe''
it's bad. you shouldn't be doing it.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there's a bug somewhere
i'm not sure what you mean by maximum size.
i have a bar at the top, but i don't like it
i'm not sure how to do that
you can use the ` ` user'' option in the menu
i use 64 bit for daily use.
you need to add the line to filepath
please don't flood, use url to paste, do n use enter as punctuation.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's in the queue
gnome3 is the worst, but it's not worse than unity
i'm not sure, i'm using the restricted drivers from the ubuntu repositories
i'd go with 7. 10, but i'm not sure if it's stable enough for you.
i'm not sure what you mean by lua flag
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's enough.
i'm not sure what the problem is.
i've never seen that. i've seen it take up about 120 on a fresh install
you can right click on the icon in the tray and choose beryl
i'm not sure how to do that, but i'm sure there is a way
i'm not sure what you mean by multi button mouse
please watch your language and topic to help keep this channel family friendly.
i'm trying to install mplayer from the repos
i'm not sure if you have a local kernel package or not
i'm not sure if virtualbox can run a whole windows partition in a virtual machine
i'm trying to find out what packages are installed from the repository and not using filepath
i'm not sure if it's required, but i'm sure it'll be
what are you trying to install?
i think it's something that originally comes from debian
i'm not sure what slax is.
i'm not sure, i've never used alttab.
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to help you
i'm not sure, but i'm sure i'll be able to help you
you can install it from the repositories
you need to type the first few letters of the nick you are talking about
you can use postfix too might be easyer to set up
i'm not hiding anything, i'm just hiding the fact that i don't need to hide anything.
i'm not sure what to do now.
i'm not sure, i've never used it
i'm not sure, i've never used amarok
i'm trying to figure out how to mount swap partition
i'm not sure, i'm using the livecd
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` try it''
you can install windows inside ubuntu, but you need to install grub first
i'm not sure, i'm using ubuntu on a laptop
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` full desktop''
i don't know, i do nt think so
i think you need to reinstall grub2
i think you should be able to boot into ubuntu now
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` add tere''
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` mount volume''
i am only a bot, please don't think i'm intelligent emoji
vmware is a virtualization environment. virtualbox is a windows environment.
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to help
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` sshd is running''
i'm not sure. telinit is a daemon that does telinit.
i'm trying to mount it.
i don't know what program catalogue means
you can use the command ` ` sudo apt - get install sun - java6 - jre''
i'm not sure, but i think it's a codec issue
you can use fuse to mount the windows network
ok, so you're using xchat?
you need to logout and log in as root
i'm not sure what you mean by wireless
you need to paste the output of ` ` sudo lshw - c display'' to url
you can add the universe line to the end of the universe lines
i'm not sure what that is, but i'm sure there is
i am using gnome - ppp, which in ui for wvdial
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` link''
i'm not sure, but beagle is installed by default
you're using warty, not hoary?
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a way to do that
i'm not sure if ecryptfs - utils is seeded directly, but i'm sure ecryptf - utils will be seeded
i'm not sure how to do that
you can use the command ` ` display = : 0'' to set the display variable
i'm not sure what to do now.
i'm not sure if that's what you're looking for, but i'm sure there is.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` cd''
you need to check your hardware first.
i'll have a look at it, thanks
i'm not sure what the advantage would be.
i'm not sure, i've never done it.
i'm not sure what udev is
i'm not sure how to do that
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` trash''
ok, so you have a filepath directory?
i'm not sure, i've never used nouveau.
i think i found it, thanks
i'm not sure what you mean by tar. gz
i don't know, i'm not sure
i'm not sure what to tell you
you can use the file manager to change permissions of the folder
you can run ie in wine, but it's not a good idea to run ie on linux
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` download gigs''
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` nvidia''.
i'm not sure what to do now.
i'm not sure if i understood fully what ompaul was suggesting and he was gone when i replied
i don't think there is, but i'm sure there is
i'm not sure, i've never used konqueror
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` no - desktop''
what version of kubuntu do you use?
i'm not sure what you mean by write to ntfs.
you can listen to radio on linux, but you need to install esd
you can also try ` ` lspci'' to see if your card is supported.
i'm trying to install ubuntu on a usb stick
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` the difference''
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's not a problem
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's possible
you can also put it in filepath
i'm not sure, but i'm sure madwifi - ng is in the dapper boat
i'm not sure what you mean by frontpage
i dont use windows. what is the difference? more bass? do you need to adjust an equalizer?
you need to enable the universe repository
you can also try the ones from url
i'm not sure, i'm on a laptop
what version of ubuntu are you using?
i'm not sure, but i'm sure rkhunter is in filepath
i think vnc is installed by default
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` system tools''
i don't know, i do nt know what you mean by lag
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` i'm a noob''
i'm not sure, but i think it's a good idea to do a clean install of ubuntu
ok, so you have a windows partition on the same drive as your ubuntu partition?
i'm using chrome atm, and i'm not sure why
i'm not sure, but i've heard that some tablets are broken in intrepid
i'm not sure if it's possible to change the timing, but i'm sure there is.
you can use the live cd to install ubuntu, but i don't know how to do that
i'm not sure, i'm just curious about scim
i'm going to reboot now, thanks again for your help
i have mozilla - mplayer installed, but i don't have the codecs
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's in the repositories
i think you need to change the port on the remote server to allow you to ssh in
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it will be in filepath
i'm not sure what to look for
i'm trying to install jxplorer and get this errormsg : ` ` could not create the java virtual machine.''
you're using 10. 04, and you're running 10. 10?
you need to set port forwarding on the local machine
you can install centericq from the terminal
i'm not sure. i've never used a custom launcher.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a way to delete the folders and files
i'm not concerned about mono, i'm just saying that it's a good choice for ubuntu
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` update''
i'm not sure how to do that, but i'd imagine you could do it with a live cd
i think rkhunter is in filepath but i'm not sure
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` diff tranperencies''
you can also use the package manager to install programs
i'm not sure what the problem is, but i think it's a permissions issue
you might also want to try the ppa
i know, but i'm not sure how to compile it
i'm not sure, i'm just a user
i'm not sure, i've never used pidgin
i'm not sure, i'm using the clock in the clock applet
i'm not sure, but i'd say it's the proper etiquette
i'm not sure how to do that, but i'm sure there is a network manager
i'm not sure, i've never had a problem with plymouth.
i'm not sure what to do next
i think you need the rolling bar on the bottom
you can use the'ls - l'command to list all the files in your home directory
i'm not sure if it's worth the effort to do that, but i'm sure it'll work
i'd backup all my configs, and then reinstall wine
i'm not sure what to do with it
i'm not sure how to do that
i mean, i want to be able to see the whole window at once.
you can move it next to the swap partition
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` error code''
i have installed gstreamer - properties and it doesn't work.
you can also check out the ubuntu forums for more details
i'm not sure what to do with those two packages
i'm using the nvidia driver, but i'm not sure how to get it to work
i'm not sure what you mean, there's a ssh tunnel manager called gstm
i'm not sure what chipset you have, but i'm sure someone else can help you out.
i am not sure what you mean by ` ` make me a sandwich''
i'm still logged into my desktop
you can also install the nvidia - glx package
i'm not a fan of nvidia bugs, but i'm a fan
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's set
i'm not sure about mssql backup tools, but i think i'll try that
what kind of numbers are you seeing in the output?
what ip address are you using on the network connecting to eth0?
you can make a bootable usb stick with a live cd and restore the configs
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a channel for mint.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure i've seen it.
you can try to close synaptic and aptitude
i'm not sure, but i'm sure i'll be here in a few mins
you can use nano to edit text in unix
you need to install the kernel source, but you can install the generic kernel source from the repositories
you can also use screen to see what programs are running
i'm not sure. i've never tested it.
it would show a huge file taking up huge space
you can log out and log back in
unity is the shell for gnome3, it uses compiz as it's window manager
you can use apt - get to install the package.
i'm not sure, but i'd guess it's a bug
i want to install kubuntu on my desktop
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there's a guide on how to get it to work
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there are others
i have a hoary live cd, i have breezy installer now.
what kind of wifi card do you have?
i'm looking for something like that.
you can right click on the panel and move it to the left
i think there is a bash history cheat sheet somewhere.
you can use tail to find out the full name of the file, and then tail to see what it contains.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` pastebin''
you're running dapper 6. 06 fully patched, synic not at the moment.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it did.
you can use the wubi installer to install ubuntu on a usb stick
what happens when you try to start apache?
it doesn't, but it does nt come with the c libraries.
you need to add the plugin to the plugins menu
i'm trying to get mplayer to run in the terminal
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there's a better solution
what kind of modem do you have?
medibuntu is a repository of packages that can not be included into the ubuntu distribution for legal reasons - see url
i'm trying to install the catalyst driver from the ubuntu 9. 10 repository
okay, now in the terminal, type : sudo mount - t smbfs filepath filepath
you can use fuse to convert to ntfs
i'm not sure, i've never used it
i'm not sure, i'm using a laptop, and i've been using linux for a long time
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's connected via wired
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there's a way to do that
i'm not following that. did you get apt to get your system comptetly upgraded and error free?
i think it's a command to log files
you can use the terminal emulator to run the x server
i'm in sessions now, so i may not be available for a couple hours
ok, i'll try that. thanks
you can use the irc client to connect to the server
you can use sudo to do that
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` production machine''
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` downoading music''
i'm not sure, but i'd try it.
what filesystem is it formatted with?
i'm not sure, but i'm sure you can get it to work
i think there are some gnome art sites
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` read only''
i'm not sure if it's a problem with flash or the plugin.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's possible
i tried that, it doesn't save media, it saves only the website
i'm not sure, i'm using the latest version
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` plug it in''
you can use a launcher to launch programs from the bottom of the screen
i'm not sure, i've never used sarcasm
i'm not sure what you mean by raid raid
i'm not sure, i've never seen that before
i'm not sure, i've never used it.
i don't think so, but i'm not sure.
i'm not sure, i'm using lts
i'm not sure what to do next.
i'm not sure, i'm afraid
i'm not sure if it's possible to get a nvidia card with 512mb onboard
i think i found it, i'll try to install it now
i just went into wireless mode, im going to log off now while i can
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` remove the ms''
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` kill pid''
you can try to create a new vm and see if it disappears
i'm not sure what you mean by half the actual speed
i'm not sure, i've never used vlc.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a way to do that
i'm not sure what to do about those audio errors, sorry.
i'm not sure how to do that
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's there
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's down
what is the full command you are using?
you're trying to boot from a live cd?
you can use tab for autocompletion of nicknames in irc, as well as for completion of filenames and programs on the command line.
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there are some good tutors out there
i'm not sure what to do about it
i'm not sure if there is more involved than that
i would try the filepath folder then i would move onto google, and find the authors website
i'm not sure if pbuilder is in ubuntu or debian
i'm not sure, i've never seen a bug report from ubuntu1
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` learn''
you're using the alternate cd?
you can use the guided install to make a bootable partition for ubuntu
you can also use'sudo'instead of'sudo - i '
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` find''
i'll try that. thanks for the help.
you can install the nvidia driver from the livecd, but you'll have to install the full system to install it
you can disable the usbs, but i don't know of any way to do that.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` swmike''
you can, but you can not use newer versions of ubuntu
please don't flood, use url to paste, do ntfs - 3g or ntldr as punctuation.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` reinstall''
iptables - i input 1 - p tcp - - dport 80 - j drop
ok, run : sudo lshw - c network
i'm not sure what to tell you, but i'm sure you can find out what's going on with your system
i'm not sure, i've never used it
i think you can use wine with alcohol 120 or daemon tools
i am not sure what you are asking for.
i'm not sure, but i'd be happy to report it to the mods
i'm not sure what to do next
you can run beryl or fusion for eyecandy
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's possible
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there's a way to get rid of the dependency on them
you can get them for free, but you'll have to pay for them
you may want to look into the xorg. conf file
you can install ubuntu - desktop, but you'll have to install the desktop
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it does
you need to boot from the cd and fix grub
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` hvirtual''
you can remove ubuntu - minimal if you want
i'm not sure what to do now
i'm not sure if it's possible, but i'm sure it'll work out of the box.
ok now open that moomex. tar. gz file and click ` ` extract here''
ubuntu is a wiki, redhat is a software center
i've been using vmware for a while now, but i've never had to use it for anything
i think you can use a usb dongle
you need to make sure you have the nvidia driver installed
what does the output of : lsb _ release - sc tell you?
you can use a windows program to recover it.
i'm downloading it now, but i'm not downloading it
i'll try that. thanks.
i was in the chat with you, but i didn't realize what i had done
i'm not sure what you mean by guided
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there is a way to get hal working
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's not.
i'm not sure, but i think it's the same
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's in the repositories
i'm not sure if it's in the repos, but i'd imagine it would be in the gnome files website
i'm not sure what you mean by dhcp
you should be able to make a swap partition
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there's a way to disable it
i'm not sure, but i think it's a good idea to do that
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` fix''
i'm not sure, but i'm pretty sure it's not a problem with the partition.
i'm not sure, i'm just saying that it's better to upgrade to 8. 10
i'll upload it to the archive in a few hours
i'm in au, but i'm not in kubuntu
you can use alltray to make it run minimised, or use alltay to minimize it
i'm not sure, i'm using gnome - terminal, but i'll check it out
you need to add the line ` ` universe'' to your filepath
you can use the live cd to restore the partitions
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` it's not working''
i'm not sure what you're talking about, but i'm sure there's a way to do it
you can change the permissions of the file to this group
i'm not sure if it's a good idea to have a desktop with gnome as the default
you need to add this to filepath filepath ntfs defaults, auto 0 0
i'm not sure how long it takes..
i'm not sure, but i'd guess you'd have to set the refresh rate manually
you can add it to the panel, but it's not permanent
you can right click on it and choose properties
you can also use sudo to get the proper commands for them
i think you can do it in ccsm
ok, so you have a live cd?
i'm not sure what you mean by joystick
right click on the volume control and choose preferences
you need to add your user to the admin - group
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there's a way to do it via the apport hook
i'm not sure about bogofilter, but i think bogofillter is a good antivirus for windows
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` ubuntu''
i have the restricted - extras package installed as well.
you can get a no - ip domain, but you'll have to pay for it.
i'm running on display 1, display 2, display 3, and display 4
i'm not gay, i just don't like the language
you can change the name in evolution by editing filepath
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's possible
i'm not sure, but i'd say no
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there's a way to do it
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there's a way to do it.
i'm not sure if it's a good idea to ask a question in here, but i'm sure someone will know
you can use a dns server to check dns dns settings.
i'm not sure, i'm sure it's possible
you should its vertical refresh rate 56. 0 - 75. 0
i think pulse audio is a daemon
you can use grep to find out what ports are used
i've used ssh to remote desktop, but i've never used x
i'm not sure, but i'm pretty sure it's a broadcom card
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` master''
i'm trying to install a program that uses wpa
please don't flood ; use url to paste ; do nt use enter as punctuation.
if you have a swap partition, it should be a simple matter of using swapon
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` filepath kubuntu - fr pour parler en franais stp sinon ici c'est en angliche''
what happens if you run ` ` sudo dpkg - reconfigure xserver - xorg''?
you can drag the window to the left
i'm not sure, but i'd say it's a good idea to have a nvidia card.
i'm not sure, i'm using ubuntu right now
i'm not sure what to tell you
i think you should be able to do it with sudo
godmachine81 : chmod 755 or ax worked 1!!
i'm not sure, i've never seen anything like that before
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` ubuntu support question''
i'm not sure if devilspie is available in the repositories, but i'd check the package description
i don't know where it is.
i'm not sure, i'm using ubuntu 10. 04
i dont have a lot of options here and i dont use a cd cause i dont have any
i'm not sure, i've never used knoppix
i'm not sure what to tell you.
you can use the file manager to open it.
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` i'm a noob''
i'm not sure if it's the bios or the bios.
i had to install a patch for wireless on eee havent remember if i had to use proprietary for video
i'm not sure, but i've heard that it's possible to do a fresh install but then upgrade the old installation
i'm not sure, but i'm sure i'll get some good reading done.
you can also try the ubuntu forums for more details
you can install the proprietary drivers from the restricted drivers manager
i'm not sure if it's pervertic or not
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` undo''
i think grub is the best option for you
i think it's the latest version
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's a good idea to check the drive's age.
i'm not sure, but i think it's in the repos
i'm not sure, i'm just trying to get the avira live cd to work
i'm not sure what expert install option is, but i'm sure it would be better
you need to install the ati driver
i want a dock like the ones used in mac osx
you can install ubuntu from the site.
i think you can use iptables to restrict access to the port you want to close.
i think you can run flash 8 in wine
i'm not sure, i'm using the livecd, and i've never seen it fail
you can use the system monitor in system - administration system monitor
i'm not sure, i've never seen a xubuntu desktop before
you can download the lucid desktop iso from url
you can use the command line to set the date, but you need to set it as root
i'm not sure, but i've never had a problem with 64bit
i'm not sure, i'm using 11. 04
i'm not sure what to do with it
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it's supported here
i'm not sure, but i'd say it's probably the same
i don't know, i'm not sure
you can install kde packages in ubuntu
i'm not sure if that's still used, but i'm sure it is
i'm not sure how to do that in a full screen terminal.
i'm not sure how to do that
i know, but i'm not sure how to do it in linux
i'm not sure, but i'm sure it will
i've never used it, but i've heard it mentioned in the ubuntu - offtopic channel
you can use a console burning app, liek bashburn, that will make it easier. not sure if it is available by apt
why are you compiling either of those?
i'm not sure, i'm using a usb stick
i'm not sure, i'm just a bot
i'm not sure if there is a firewall for linux, but i'm sure there is.
you can use the live cd to edit your xorg. conf
please don't flood, use url to paste, do ntfs - 3g or fat32 partitions aren't partitioned properly.
i'm not sure, i'm using xmms
i'm not sure what you mean by impressed
you'll need to install the gstreamer package.
you can also search for ` ` software'' in synaptic.
i'm not sure about xbmc, but i've heard of it.
i'm not sure, but i'll help look
you're not installing the whole ubuntu, you're installing the entire system
i'm not sure what you mean by ` ` like my laptop''
you can install ubuntu on the windows xp kernel
grub2 is the default ubuntu boot manager in karmic. for more information and troubleshooting on grub2 please refer to url
you can compile it for your os, but you need to install the kernel and so on
i'm not sure, but i'm sure there's a way to do it
i'm not sure, i'm using ubuntu, but i've heard that it's the entire device
